Jury Selection Continues in Bryant Case (AP) AP - About three-quarters of potential jurors in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case have already been told whether to return to the courthouse later this week for more questioning, putting the selection process on schedule, court officials say.
Congress Ready to Update Special Ed Law (AP) AP - Congressional negotiators have reached agreement on major changes in special education, aiming to boost discipline in class, better identify children with disabilities, get help to students earlier and reduce lawsuits by parents.
Straw in Bid to Kick Start Mideast Peace Talks Sponsors of an internationally backed Mideast peace plan will send their foreign ministers to the region next week in hopes of restarting peace talks in the wake of Yasser Arafats death.
Media company plans to expense employee stock options NEW YORK (CBS.MW) - The New York Times on Thursday lowered its fourth-quarter earnings outlook on softer-than-expected advertising revenue and set plans to expense employee stock options.
Telecom Italia Shares Suspended Shares in Telecom Italia SpA were suspended from trading for two days on Monday, ahead of an expected buyout attempt by the company of its mobile unit Telecom Italia Mobile SpA, or TIM.
Microsoft Cans Windows 2000 SP5 It plans instead to produce an  quot;update rollup quot; in the middle of next year as its last security patch for the operating system.
Veteran Aid Worker in Iraq Abducted BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents abducted the local director of CARE International from her car in Baghdad on Tuesday, targeting a charity worker who has championed ordinary Iraqis for decades. In new violence, mortar attacks killed an American contractor and at least four Iraqi National Guard members and wounded 80 Iraqis, the U.S...
This is nice, but Cards not yet done LOS ANGELES -- This is not the ultimate goal, that much is clear. The Cardinals have a much higher aspiration than winning one postseason series.
Brazil School Bus Accident Kills 16 (AP) AP - A school bus swerved off a narrow road and plunged into a reservoir early Wednesday, killing at least 16 children in southern Brazil, a firefighter said.
Web Retailers Facing Pre-Holiday Changes (Reuters) Reuters - It's a great time to be an\Internet shopper, but the same search technology that is\transforming the Web into a bargain-hunter's paradise is\putting the squeeze on online retailers doling out discounts\and incentives to lure customers.
LeBron, Cavs downs Pistons without a fight Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - LeBron James poured in a career-high 43 points to lead Cleveland to an easy 92-76 win over Detroit at Gund Arena.
Windows 2000 to get its last major update Microsoft will not be developing a fifth service pack for Windows 2000, but will issue a single security update called Update Rollup, which is due in mid-2005.
United May Offer Malcolm Glazer Seat on Board, Observer Says Manchester United Plc may offer US billionaire Malcolm Glazer a seat on its board if he agrees to drop a takeover bid for a year, the Observer said, citing an unidentified person in the soccer industry.
Myanmar junta announces plan for more prisoner releases YANGON, Myanmar - Myanmar #39;s military government said Thursday that it will release 5,311 prisoners in addition to almost 4,000 whose planned release was announced last week.
Japan Powers Past Cuba in Baseball  ATHENS (Reuters) - In a baseball battle of gold-medal  contenders, Japan banged three home runs to defeat Cuba 6-3  Tuesday, as starter Daisuke Matsuzaka pitched into the ninth.
VITAL SIGNS Reactions: Your Posture, a Telltale Fright Sign The brain reacts more powerfully to the body language of a person in a posture denoting fear than it does to a fearful facial expression, according to a study released yesterday.
Lawmakers Want Paper Records of E-Ballots Just five weeks before election day, federal legislators are increasingly casting doubt on electronic voting terminals and demanding that touchscreen computers produce paper records.
Men sued for spam pushing fake diplomas Pennsylvania #39;s attorney general on Monday sued two men for allegedly violating state law by sending out junk e-mail touting an online university that grants diplomas in 72 hours.
Italian politicians set aside squabbles to work for release of two &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Squabbling Italian politicians pledged Wednesday to put aside their differences over the Iraq war and work together to free two female aid workers 
No Mistaking Identity LaVar Arrington, Washington D.C.'s most popular athlete, has endeared himself to the area with a hard-hitting style of linebacking and a soft touch with the fans.
Stocks Open Lower NEW YORK (Reuters) - US stocks fell at the open on Wednesday after crude oil pushed to a fresh high and Google Inc. slashed its initial public offering price, which appeared to dampen investor sentiment. 
UPDATE 1-RESEARCH ALERT-Analysts cut Open Text ratings Analysts cut their ratings and slashed stock targets for Open Text Corp.(OTC.TO: Quote, Profile, Research) on Wednesday, citing concerns that the software maker #39;s warning of weaker-than-forecast quarterly results signal growth 
Pinball ready to tackle Buono The annual Grey Cup news conference will pit Pinball Clemons against a coach who dared to publicly criticize him. It was about three weeks ago that BC Lions coach Wally Buono spoke openly about the Argos #39; decision 
Bank confirms merger talks Maine firm seen seeking partner to aid &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Banknorth Group of Maine confirmed yesterday that it was in merger talks with TD Bank Financial Group of Canada, a move that would end Banknorth #39;s short reign as New England #39;s largest independent bank.
Phillies overcome 4-run deficit in win NEW YORK - David Bell #39;s second home run of the game broke a 13th-inning tie, and the Philadelphia Phillies overcame a four-run deficit Saturday in an 11-9 win over the New York Mets.
From Zero to Hero Disney has a Hero on its hands, but it may have showed up too late to save the day.
Chelsea 2 CSKA Moscow 0 But, no, it was no hallucination. The Icelander really had tucked away a 45th-minute header for his first goal since the opening day of the season against Manchester United.
'Madden NFL' called for unnecessary roughness Fans of EA's hit football game protest a scrimmage-line glitch.
Stocks Down, Oil Retreats, Dollar Sinks  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Stocks fell slightly on Monday as a  retreat in crude prices from a record high was more than offset  by investors' caution about the U.S. presidential election and  a fall in the dollar.
Satellite Service Battles Lag Satellite internet service providers are often the only alternative to dialup in far-flung areas. The battle with latency still rages, although companies are making gains in upload speeds. By Elliot Borin.
Fallon due to ride again today Champion jockey Kieren Fallon is due back in the saddle at Salisbury today, after his arrest yesterday in connection with a race-fixing probe.
UBS Net Slips on Weak Trading Income Swiss banking giant UBS posted weaker third-quarter net profit on Tuesday, just missing market expectations, hurt by a seasonal fall in trading revenue despite a strong showing by its flagship private bank.
Bengals outscore Browns CINCINNATI -- Kelly Holcomb threw for 400 yards and five touchdowns -- and lost. Strange? Not as strange as those other numbers glowing on the scoreboard as Holcomb trudged off the field with his head down and more misery ahead.
U.S. Stocks Climb as Oil Prices Drop  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The biggest one-day drop in oil prices  since September 2001 helped send U.S. stock prices higher on  Wednesday.
Dyer facing weeks out with injury NEWCASTLE, England -- Graeme Souness suffered his first serious setback as Newcastle manager after Kieron Dyer was ruled out of action for several weeks with a recurrence of the hamstring problems that have dogged him throughout his career.
Gary Payton Arrested for DUI (Reuters) Reuters - According to the California\Highway Patrol, NBA star Gary Payton was arrested for\investigation of driving under the influence last month.
Deluxe sale in the script as Rank slips LEISURE giant Rank is considering hiving off its Deluxe film, DVD and video business after it reported a 20 fall in first-half profits.
Kidnap accused says he worked for US A former American soldier accused of kidnapping and torturing terror suspects in Afghanistan has told a Kabul court that the FBI is withholding hundreds of documents showing that he was working for the US Government. 
Netegrity is bought, will fire A Waltham maker of security software is being acquired by software behemoth Computer Associates in a cash deal worth almost a half-billion dollars, the companies announced yesterday.
Bonds Should Get Shot at 700 in Milwaukee (AP) AP - Barry Bonds didn't have to worry about another "not-in-my-ballpark" manager ordering his team to pitch around the San Francisco slugger. Ned Yost of the Milwaukee Brewers swore he wouldn't hold another walk-fest for Bonds, who entered a three-game series at Miller Park on Tuesday night one home run shy of joining Babe Ruth and Hank Aaron in the 700-homer club.
Royal Mail misses service target Royal Mail is expected to announce it has failed to meet its 15 targets in the first three months of this financial year.
Canada #39;s richest worth over 100 billion US dollars Canada #39;s richest people are richer than ever, as the Canada #39;s 100 wealthiest people have a total net worth over 100 billion US dollars, up by about 7.2 billion US dollars from 
Mets Interview Riggleman for Managing Job Jim Riggleman, the Dodgers' bench coach, was the Chicago Cubs' manager for five seasons before being fired in 1999.
SPACESHIPONE FLIGHT GRABS X-PRIZE The world #39;s first private spaceship has blasted into the final frontier for the second time in five days, snatching the nearly 14-million dollar prize and founding a new era of space tourism.
Credit Raters' Power Abused, Borrowers Say Corporations, municipalities and foreign governments have grown wary of the big three credit-rating companies as they have expanded into global powers without formal oversight.
US 30-, 15-year mortgage rates fell in latest week Interest rates on US 30-year and 15-year mortgages have moved lower following last week #39;s disappointing jobs report that suggested economic growth had slowed, mortgage finance company Freddie Mac said on Thursday.
No. 12 Mississippi State Tops Fairfield in Basketball Opener  BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (Sports Network) - Ontario Harper finished  with a career- high 17 points to lead 12th-ranked Mississippi  State to a 53-49 win over Fairfield in the Coaches versus  Cancer Classic at the Birmingham Jefferson Convention Complex.
Amazon.com Experiences Sporadic Outage Some customers had trouble reaching Amazon.com's Web site on Monday in what analysts described as probable technical difficulties for the world's largest online retailer during the crucial holiday selling season.
Beltran and Pujols Playing  #39;Can You Top This? #39; Houston Astros center fielder Carlos Beltran and St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Albert Pujols meet near the batting cage before every game of the National League Championship 
Microsoft Tells Judge of Harm in Changing Windows Microsoft Corp will suffer serious harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows without Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer told a European Union court on Friday.
Stewart Company to Expand Furniture Line Martha Stewart #39;s media and merchandising company said Wednesday it plans to expand its furniture line amid strong demand from consumers.
Workers at Sweden Saab Plant to Protest Thousands of workers at Saab #39;s last Swedish automobile manufacturing plant will stop working for two hours Tuesday, protesting a planned wave of job cuts by General Motors that will see 12,000 jobs in Europe eliminated by 2006.
Policeman, Three Afghan Children Killed (AP) AP - A bomb attack in an eastern Afghan province killed at least three children and a policeman on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, the government said Saturday.
Gerrard fit for England Steven Gerrard has been passed fit and plays for England in tonights 2006 World Cup qualifier against Austria, according to Sky Sports.
Gmail users soon able to check e-mail via Outlook Web search leader Google said Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
Microsoft CEO: Merger Strategy Unchanged  LISBON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is still  targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite  speculation that now-scuttled merger talks with business  software giant SAP AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SAPG.DE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SAPG.DE&lt;/A&gt; signaled a shift in strategy,  Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Tuesday.
NCAA Game Summary - Miami-Florida at Houston Houston, TX (Sports Network) - Tyrone Moss ran for 147 yards and two touchdowns to lead fourth-ranked Miami-Florida to a 38-13 victory over Houston at Reliant Stadium.
Along the ocean, a tourist destination copes with death PHUKET, Thailand -- Day after day, the bodies keep arriving at Wat Lam Kaen. The Buddhist temple in the Khao Lak beach section of this popular resort is one of several temples in the area that have been turned into makeshift morgues, where the calming aroma of incense has been overcome by the sulfurous smell of decay.
PeopleSoft, RIM partner to deliver sales application (InfoWorld) InfoWorld - Research in Motion (RIM), the company that first pushed e-mail over wireless, is teaming up with PeopleSoft to offer corporate users PeopleSoft Enterprise Sales for BlackBerry, a sales application with similar push technology.
Spot On: Blu-ray bares teeth in format fight to the finish A battle over next-generation disc standards could create a rift in console game storage. Which side are you on? There are few who contest the fact that the acceptance of CD-ROM and then DVD-ROM standards 
Progress made, but much to do to reach mine-free world, summit &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NAIROBI : Much has been done to rid the world of landmines since a ban was born in 1997, but major challenges, many of them financial, must be overcome to wipe the devices off the planet, a conference in Nairobi heard.
Blogger grounded by her airline A US airline attendant is fighting for her job after she was suspended over postings on her blog.
Judge to decide on live broadcasts from Shaik trial Judge Hillary Squires will today rule whether E-tv can broadcast the Schabir Shaik fraud and corruption trial live from the Durban High Court.
Holiday Sales Forecasted in New Ways (Reuters) Reuters - There's nothing like a picture of a\child with Santa Claus -- especially since the number of\parents who line up in stores to get these photos taken could\indicate the health of the holiday shopping season.
Maddux hurls, hits and scores MONTREAL -- The Montreal Expos felt they got robbed because of a missed call from home plate umpire Ted Barrett. Greg Maddux pitched seven shutout innings and helped himself with two hits and a run batted 
Blast Hits Northern Iraq Pipeline Saboteurs blew up a section of a northern domestic pipeline feeding Iraq #39;s biggest refinery at Baiji on Monday, oil officials said.
Airline crisis imperils pension insurer Financial problems in the airline industry are imperiling the federal fund that backs pension plans for 44 million Americans. Two senior government officials have delivered that 
Spain's ex-PM faces bombs inquiry Former Spanish prime minister Jose Maria Aznar is to answer questions about the 11 March Madrid bombings.
Developing Effective Network Diagnostics Network engineers spend many of their working hours just keeping their networks up and running. Router Solutions, a three-person company in McLean, wants to help companies reduce the time their tech departments devote to such routine fixes. The company said it has developed a system-operation-management platform that monitors what's happening across an entire network, detecting issues when they arise and  fixing them with little or no intervention from network engineers.
Review: New  #39;Hawk #39; game most thorough ever There #39;s only one thing better than riding a halfpipe ramp in  quot;Tony Hawk #39;s Underground 2 quot; - doing it in real life.
M amp;G #39;s McLintock touted as potential Bloomer successor Leading Prudential shareholders will this week attempt to garner support for a campaign to replace the insurer #39;s chief executive, Jonathan Bloomer, and Michael McLintock, who runs the group #39;s 
NCAA says Williams can #39;t return to Trojans Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The NCAA has rejected wide receiver Mike Williams #39; bid to once again play football at Southern California.
Stocks Open Higher, Shrug Off Oil Spike (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. stocks opened higher on Tuesday,\with beaten down shares offering bargains to investors and oil\producer stocks bolstered by crude oil prices breaking through\the  #36;50 a barrel mark.
Nvidia to supply PlayStation 3 graphics chip Nvidia will supply the graphics chip for the successor to the PlayStation 2 being developed by Sony, the companies announced. The deal also gives Sony the right to use the chip in its digital consumer products, according to the companies.
Ransom Concern Clouds Return of Italian Hostages (Reuters) Reuters - National joy in Italy at the safe return\of two aid workers held hostage in Iraq gave way in some\quarters on Wednesday to concern that Rome had paid a ransom\for the women's freedom.
Report: Eisner won #39;t be on Disney #39;s board Michael Eisner, chief executive officer of Walt Disney Co., said he plans to leave the company #39;s board when he steps down as CEO in 2006, Fortune magazine said it is reporting in its upcoming issue.
Main banks look to US mergers for profits NEW YORK (CBS.MW) -- Recent missteps by a Canadian bank #39;s incursion into US territory aren #39;t dampening the momentum of an invasion from the North.
Experts Urge People to Unplug Occasionally (AP) AP - Katie Achille grew up with the Internet. She was 9 when she first tapped into it  #151; and quickly became an avid e-mailer, Web surfer and sender of instant messages. But when recent computer troubles left her without regular Web access, something unexpected happened: To her surprise, she suddenly felt free.
Scuffle feeds Harry #39;s party boy image Prince Harry has long been known as the wilder of Prince Charles #39; and the late Princess Diana #39;s two handsome sons, smoking marijuana, drinking while still underage and frequenting London #39;s trendiest nightclubs.
RACE IS ON AGAIN Spin it any way you want. Convince yourself the Yankees are in the midst of a colossal collapse and on the verge of being shut out of the postseason.
UN Council Passes Resolution on Darfur Atrocities  UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - The U.N. Security Council  adopted a resolution on Saturday that threatens to consider oil  sanctions against Sudan if Khartoum does not stop atrocities in  the Darfur region.
Will sagging Dow predict the winner? From the sales of Halloween masks to the outcome of a Washington Redskins game, amateur prognosticators are looking for almost any indicator that might point to who will 
Beavers hope revival continues vs. Cougars After an early season schedule filled with pitfalls, there #39;s an opportunity for the Oregon State football team to reach .500. The Beavers are coming off an inspired Pacific 
Rwanda Urged to Show Restraint in Congo (AP) AP - U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and the Security Council urged Rwanda on Thursday to refrain from any military action in Congo after reports as many as eight battalions of Rwandan troops may be in Congo.
The Swingers (U.S. News   World Report) U.S. News   World Report - The baseball metaphor seems most apt. George W. Bush and John Kerry are like two weary but evenly matched teams heading into the ninth inning of the World Series with the score all tied up. It all comes down to how these boys of summer measure up in the chill winds of autumn.
FCC Issues Rate Freeze for Phone Networks (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. communications regulators on\Friday issued interim rules that would freeze for six months\the wholesale rates for leasing access to the major U.S. local\telephone networks.
Howard dismisses Iraq letter row PRIME Minister John Howard today rejected claims warnings from a top weapons expert were ignored before Australia sent troops to war in Iraq.
In a day, Percival falls for Tigers, the town Percival became the Tigers #39; new closer Wednesday when he signed a two-year, \$12-million contract. He made one of the fastest free-agent decisions in recent memory, arriving in town Monday evening 
AL notables Vladimir Guerrero has 121 RBIs and 120 runs to join Don Baylor as the only Angels player to reach those totals in each category in the same season. Baylor achieved the feat in 1979.
Minor Glitch in Spacecraft Docking (AP) AP - THE GLITCH: An unexplained problem sent a Russian-made Soyuz spacecraft speeding toward the international space station too quickly and officials decided it should be docked manually.
Microsoft connects with SAP A new add-on for Office Project Server 2003 includes tools for connecting to HR software from SAP.
'Grand Theft Auto': Keeping America safe from crime Turns out that "Grand Theft Auto," the game that many of America's moral watchdogs fear will turn the nation's youth into a vast gang of pimp-smacking, carjacking hoods, actually prevents crime in some cases. Missing Links
Blood moon to make its mark tonight during lunar eclipse Just four days before Halloween, the full moon will disappear from the sky tonight, likely leaving a bloody facsimile behind. Dont be alarmed; its just another lunar eclipse, the third visible in North America in the past two years.
Chargers zap Raiders again OAKLAND, Calif. -- Antonio Gates had eight receptions for 101 yards and a touchdown, LaDainian Tomlinson ran for 164 yards and a score on 37 carries, and the San Diego Chargers won their fourth straight game, 23-17, over the AFC West rival Raiders yesterday.
Ibrahim Wins Egypt's First Gold in 56 Years  ATHENS (Reuters) - Greco-Roman wrestler Karam Ibrahim won  Egypt's first Olympic gold medal in 56 years on Thursday,  crushing Ramaz Nozadze of Georgia in just over three minutes to  lift the 96kg title in Athens.
Hamm gold by a sliver ATHENS - Paul Hamm feared he had blown a shot for a medal when he stumbled at the end of his performance in the vault, his fourth event in the six-event men #39;s individual all-around final. But the freckle-faced gymnast from Wisconsin ...
Bush Vows No Letup in Iraq, War on Terror (AP) AP - Bolstered by a hard-fought election victory, President Bush says the United States will vigorously pursue wars in Iraq and against terror and will not retreat from trying to spread democracy through the Middle East.
AOL Creates Its Own Browsing Software As part of its reincarnation, America Online Inc. is creating its own software for browsing the Web and playing movies and songs. It's a question of staying relevant in an increasingly broadband world.
Sun:  quot;It #39;s Not That We #39;re Trying to Undercut Linux quot; When last interviewed by SYS-CON Radio at LinuxWorld Conference  amp; Expo, Sun #39;s John Fanelli - senior director of marketing for Sun #39;s Network Systems Group - was adamant that the sheer number of product offerings Sun has delivered into the Linux community 
CIBC sale of Juniper completes US retail retreat Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce sold its last retail banking operation in the United States yesterday, ending a brief, but tumultuous, foray south of the border. 
Prosecutor postpones results of probe into disgraced Greek &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; A senior Greek prosecutor has postponed announcing the results of a two-month investigation into disgraced Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou.
My gawd, what if the Red Sox ever won? It took nearly 11 hours and 26 innings for the Red Sox to shed the humiliation of falling behind 3-0 in a best-of-seven ALCS via an unholy 19-8 shellacking, but shed it they did.
U.S. Wins Sailing Gold Americans Paul Foerster and Kevin Burnham win their first Olympic titles after outmaneuvering their British rivals during the final 470 class race.
Boston Expects Millions at Red Sox Parade (AP) AP - Because so many members of Red Sox Nation are expected in Boston on Saturday to celebrate the team's World Series triumph, the victory parade won't be making any stops and won't culminate with a staged rally, either.
Edify gets VoiceXML certification Edify on Tuesday is announcing that its Edify Voice Interaction Platform (EVIP) 9.0 system for deploying speech activation applications has received VoiceXML 2.0 Certification from the VoiceXML Forum.
Champions League: Group G review - Valencia crash out with Inter &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Spanish champions Valencia became the big casualties of Group G, as they crashed out of this year #39;s Champions League following their 2-0 defeat to Werder Bremen.
The week in iPod Apple is the undisputed champion of the hard-drive music market, but competitors are gearing up for a shot at the title.
Human race off and running The evolution of a physique for long-distance running is what made humans look the way we do now -- whether winning a marathon, nursing a strained Achilles #39; tendon 
China revises GDP growth rate to 9.69 in Jan-June China has revised upward its gross domestic product (GDP) growth to 9.69 per cent during the first half of this year due to higher growth in service industries, the state media reported on Monday.
Joint bid for Adelphia? Time Warner Inc., the world #39;s largest media company, and Comcast Corp. said they are considering making a joint bid for bankrupt cable-television operator Adelphia Communications Corp.
It #39;s Official: Spurrier Is Hired to Coach Gamecocks Steve Spurrier was hired at South Carolina yesterday after the school trustees #39; executive board approved a seven-year deal worth \$1.25 million a season for the former Florida football coach.
Uruguay poised to elect leftwinger Tabare Vazquez was poised to become Uruguay #39;s first leftwing president yesterday after campaigning for the more equitable distribution of wealth and social justice in a country crippled by a recent economic crisis.
Hong Kong Swears in New Legislature (AP) AP - New Hong Kong lawmakers were sworn in Wednesday, and one of their newest members  #151; a longtime activist  #151; shattered the solemnity by shouting pro-democracy slogans as he joined the system he has spent years protesting.
Birdie Helps Woods Retain Top Ranking (AP) AP - What seemed like a meaningless birdie on the final hole of the NEC Invitational will ensure that Tiger Woods keeps his No. 1 world ranking at least one week longer.
Britain Defends Legality of Iraq Invasion Britain says it disagrees with the assessment of UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan that the invasion of Iraq was illegal. Fresh controversy has erupted over the legality of the US-led invasion of Iraq last year 
Iraqi Leaders Meet in Peace Effort BAGHDAD, Iraq - The U.S. military and Iraqi Shiite and tribal leaders held talks Sunday aimed a reducing tensions in the Baghdad's Sadr City slum, where 10 people died in fighting a day earlier between Shiite militiamen and U.S...
Tears of joy as Holmes runs the race of her life FOR the second night running there were tears for British athletics. But this time, in stark contrast to the shock and bewilderment of Paula Radcliffe, they were tears of utter 
Dollar Falls to 6-Month Low Vs Yen  LONDON (Reuters) - The dollar hit a six-month low against  the yen and drifted near recent eight-month lows versus the  euro on Friday as investors considered the effect of China's  interest rate hike on currencies and the U.S economic outlook.
Researcher Risks Killer Snails for Study (AP) AP - Jon-Paul Bingham puts his life on the line every week for the sake of science. One wrong move, and he could become the hapless victim of a snail attack that could kill him.
Private Spacecraft Roars to Space and Back &lt;I&gt;SpaceShipOne,&lt;/I&gt; the first privately built, manned vehicle to reach space, roared to space and back again this morning from a launch site in California's Mojave desert.
Spammers sentenced in Virginia under tough spam law Across the Internet a muffled cheer rises to greet the news of a spammer sentenced to a nine-year prison term for sending junk mail to AOL customers in the Virginia-prosecuted case against 
Chinese companies invest in Australian iron ore BEIJING - A group of state-owned Chinese companies has agreed to help finance and build an iron ore and infrastructure project worth nearly \$2 billion (Australian) in the Pilbara region of western Australia.
'Trek' on DVD: A logical choice (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Trekkers can finally get the ultimate Star Trek enterprise, a complete DVD set of the 1960s series' first season.
Stormy Uranus takes astronomers by surprise Uranus may not be the most boring planet in the solar system after all - new images suggest the outer planet experiences weird seasonal weather patterns.
Clemens Helps Astros Take 1-0 Series Lead Over Braves  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Roger Clemens pitched seven innings  and Carlos Beltran homered, had three hits and scored three  runs to help the Houston Astros rout the Atlanta Braves 9-3 in  the opening game of their National League Divisional Series  Wednesday.
Fears grow for British hostage in Iraq after execution of colleague (AFP) AFP - Fears were growing for the safety of a British engineer held hostage in Iraq after grisly footage of the execution of a US co-worker also held captive was posted on the Internet.
Ukraine Candidate Poisoning Investigated (AP) AP - Ukrainian prosecutors opened a criminal investigation into the alleged poisoning of a leading candidate in a crucial presidential election scheduled for next month, officials said.
Microsoft sues Web hoster over spam Microsoft has filed nine new lawsuits against those it says are responsible for spam, including a Web-hosting company that caters to people who send unsolicited e-mail, the software giant said Thursday.
Southern Co. Quarterly Profit Rises  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Southern Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=SO.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;SO.N&lt;/A&gt;, which supplies  power to the U.S. Southeast, said Thursday its third-quarter  earnings rose slightly, as increased energy use in the  industrial sector and more customers outweighed mild weather  and hurricane damage.
JP Morgan, Cazenove tie up LONDON: JP Morgan Chase  amp; Co, the ninth ranked underwriter of UK stocks, formed a joint venture with Cazenove Group Plc to improve its access to Britain #39;s biggest companies.
Tech investors see sunnier days ahead Optimism that the embattled technology sector was ripe for a recovery sent stocks modestly higher yesterday, despite a new revenue warning from semiconductor company Broadcom Inc.
SBA Offers Discounted Loans for Disaster Victims The Small Business Administration steps up aid to businesses affected by recent weather-related disasters. Oct. 4, 2004 --As home and business owners throughout Florida and the Southwestern US pull things 
Johan Santana set the Twins #39; single-season club record with 265 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; MINNEAPOLIS -- For much of the 2004 season, Twins pitcher Johan Santana didn #39;t just beat opposing hitters. Often, he overwhelmed and owned them in impressive fashion.
Analysis: IAEA Concerned Over Dismantlement Of Former Iraqi &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Muhammad el-Baradei, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), sent a letter to the current UN Security Council President Sir Emyr Jones Parry last week expressing concern about the whereabouts of equipment from dismantled sites that 
Army deserter released from jail Accused US Army deserter Charles Jenkins, left, accompanied by his daughters, Mika, center, and Belinda, leaves Tokyo Women #39;s Medical University Hospital in Tokyo Saturday, Sept.
Morales tries to prove that he #39;s worth the weight The fine, pure hate that Erik Morales has for Marco Antonio Barrera might be motivation enough for the Tijuana fighter here tonight, but there also is a more tangible factor in his favor.
Apple #39;s U2  #39;box set #39; a sign of shifting music pricing? It may be a small, \$149 step, but Apple Computer #39;s introduction of a U2  quot;digital box set quot;--a downloadable compilation of every song the band has ever recorded--could portend a shift in online-music pricing.
Schumacher again finds victory lane SUZUKA, Japan - Michael Schumacher won his 13th race of the season and first since August when he returned to his dominating form and captured the Japanese Grand Prix on Sunday.
Help From Above Jump-Starts Jets The Jets' defense shut down the San Francisco 49ers in the second half, paving the way for a come-from-behind victory that was sprinkled with subplots.
Artifacts Found Near Texas Coast (AP) AP - Archaeologists have discovered a cache of artifacts near South Padre Island that they say could be up to 5,000 years old, potentially providing new clues about early peoples of the Texas coast.
Baseball Roundup: Brawl Hurts Fans Texas Rangers pitcher Frank Francisco allegedly hurled a chair at some fans heckling the Ranger bullpen after the Rangers hit a ninth inning game tying homer in Oakland.
EU Report 'Extremely Critical' of Turkey-Verheugen  BERLIN (Reuters) - The European Commission will be  "extremely critical" of Turkey's reform efforts in a report  next week, but that will not stop EU leaders agreeing to open  membership talks with Ankara, EU officials said Saturday.
Bush to Tout Anti-Drug Efforts in Colombia President Bush aims to highlight American drug-fighting aid in Colombia and boost a conservative Latin American leader with a stop in the Andean nation where thousands of security forces are deployed to safeguard his brief stay.
The Marathon Man In less than 20 hours, Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu fought his way to gold in men #39;s singles and doubles tennis. Four years ago the 24-year-old Chilean carried his county #39;s flag into the opening ceremonies in Sydney.
Packer QBs: Favre Probable; Pederson Out  GREEN BAY, Wis. (Sports Network) - Green Bay Packers  quarterback Brett Favre is listed as probable for Monday's game  against Tennessee after the three-time MVP missed most of the  second half of last week's game because of a concussion.
Tsunami Steals a Generation and the Future (Reuters) Reuters - It took just a few seconds\for Shiva Shankari, like her village, to lose her future.
Livewire: Today's Pop Stars in It for the URLs (Reuters) Reuters - British rock band Marillion has gone a step further. Since\striking off on its own in 2000, the band has used its online\site, http://marillion.com, to raise over 500,000 pounds\( #36;913,200) from fans to finance its last two albums and support\its first North American tour since 1995.
Roddick turns up aces in gaining round of 16 NEW YORK -- Defending champion Andy Roddick finally met a seeded veteran in the third round of the US Open. Something of a challenge, right?
Hawaii's Chang Second on NCAA Pass List (AP) AP - Hawaii's Timmy Chang threw for 378 yards and three touchdowns and moved into second place on the NCAA's career passing yardage list as the Warriors defeated Tulsa 44-16 Saturday night.
Bettis, Martin May Hit Milestone Together (AP) AP - Curtis Martin and Jerome Bettis have the opportunity to go over 13,000 career yards rushing in the same game when Bettis and the Pittsburgh Steelers play Martin and the New York Jets in a big AFC matchup Sunday.
Colwick, McWilliams lead City Amateur Houston #39;s Robby McWilliams continued his steady play at the 80th annual Greater Houston City Amateur by carding his second consecutive 69 to tie Steven Colwick for the top spot after two rounds of play.
NASA: Hurricane Damages Shuttle Building (AP) AP - The third hurricane to hit NASA's spaceport in just over a month blew out more panels and left more gaping holes in the massive shuttle assembly building, but overall damage was not as severe as feared, a space agency official said Sunday.
BA to Axe Almost 1,000 Heathrow Flights  LONDON (Reuters) - British Airways Plc, Europe's  second-biggest airline, is to cancel almost 1,000 flights out  of London's Heathrow airport in the next three months to ease  the congestion that led to travel disruptions.
Windows Attacks Skyrocket, Bot Networks Breed Like Minks Attacks on Windows machines in the first six months of 2004 jumped nearly four-and-a-half times over the same period last year, a security firm said Monday, leading to an explosion in the number of hacker-run bots.
Spanish MP3 site owner to pay RIAA \$10m Four men who attempted to use what they believed was a loophole in Spanish law to allow them to sell MP3s online legally, along with the company behind the site they ran, have agreed to pay music labels \$10.
France targets Ivorian air force France's president orders his forces to destroy any planes breaking Ivory Coast's truce after eight French deaths.
Dell sharpens its blade offering DELL Inc launched its new compact PowerEdge 1855 blade server, 10 of which can fit into a 7U chassis to provide 43 more performance per sq foot and up to 62 more servers than Dell 1U servers in a 42U rack.
Husky Energy shares up on takeover talk TORONTO - Shares of Husky Energy Inc. rose more than four per cent on Friday amid talk of a takeover of the Calgary-based oil company by the Chinese government.
Updated AOL focuses on security The revamped software for AOL's proprietary online service tackles spam and other Internet security issues.
Government launches sale of 9.6 per cent stake in France Telecom France launched the sale of at least 9.6 per cent of France Telecom, a move that could raise up to \$7.1 billion US that will be used to help the French government reduce its national debt.
No deficit is too large for Nelson Larry Nelson needed a huge comeback, and an extra hole, to win his second Champions Tour event of the year. Nelson rallied from seven strokes off the lead and made a 5-foot 
Will Schwab Reward Patience? The company saw an improvement in its trades, but will this market be kind to the brokerages?
AL Wrap: Martinez Pitches Red Sox to 10th Straight Victory  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Pedro Martinez pitched seven shutout  innings to lead the streaking Boston Red Sox to their 10th  straight victory, a 2-0 win over the Texas Rangers in American  League play at Fenway Park on Friday.
First Look: Rio's Hot New Carbon MP3 Player Supersleek 5GB digital audio player is set to challenge Apple's IPod Mini.
What a nightmare: US men fall to Argentina Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Argentina snapped a 58-game winning streak by the United States two years ago at the World Championships.
Police find embassy bomb clue Police investigating last Thursday #39;s deadly bombing outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta yesterday said they had found the chassis number of the van used to deliver the bomb.
US: al-Qaida, Taliban Plotting Attacks Leaders of al-Qaida and the Taliban have held a series of meetings in Pakistan to discuss how to disrupt Afghanistan #39;s upcoming elections, the US military said Monday.
Oprah car winners hit with hefty tax Like any prize, the value is counted as income; winners must pay up to \$7,000 or forfeit the car. NEW YORK (CNN/Money) - Leave it to Uncle Sam to spoil the party.
South Korea Says to Pin Down Nature of North Blast  SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is seeking independent  verification on the nature of a huge blast in North Korea last  week, which its communist neighbor has said was linked to a  hydroelectric scheme, Seoul's defense minister said on Tuesday.
Aussie equestrian hopes end in sixth Australia #39;s dreams of an historic fourth successive three-day eventing gold medal ended in disappointment but there was still joy for the team when Andrew Hoy #39;s wife won dual gold medals. 
Libya Deported 1,000 Egyptian Migrants from Italy Libya said today it had deported 1,000 Egyptian migrants back home after their controversial expulsion from Italy. Italy airlifted illegal immigrants to Libya this week in a bid to deter would-be asylum seekers 
Drivers 'ignoring mobile rules' Many drivers are ignoring the ban on using phones while driving, a survey suggests as tough new measures are expected.
Board pledges to defend Yukos The board of directors of embattled oil giant Yukos said Thursday it will continue to defend the company from a criminal probe it called politically motivated amid reports that board members have fled Russia.
Anthem merger a done deal Anthem Inc. #39;s stockholders are waking up this morning with a new corporate name on their shares. Employees will get a voice-mail message saying they #39;re now a part of a much bigger company -- the biggest by several measures.
Ex-Enron Investor Liaison Pleads Guilty Enron Corp. #39;s former investor relations chief pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of aiding and abetting securities fraud and agreed to help prosecutors with their ongoing probe of the energy company #39;s leaders.
Saudi promise to release more oil SAUDI minister Ali al-Naimi sought to take some of the heat out of the oil market, by promising that his Kingdom could pump an extra 1.5m barrels a day  #39;immediately #39; if demand increases.
Mars Rovers Get Mystery Power Boost As NASA (news - web sites) #39;s Mars rovers keep rolling past all expectations of their useful lives, scientists have a happy mystery: For some reason one 
US maize 'threat' to Mexico farms The North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) is severely affecting rural Mexico, it is claimed.
'Astro Boy' Makes Video Game Debut (AP) AP - Tetsum Atom is a butt-kicking, pint-sized hero that wants nothing more than peace between humans and robots. More than a half-century after debuting in Japanese comic books, "Astro Boy"  #151; as he's known outside of Japan  #151; is starring in two new video games from Sega of America Inc.
Hopkins has done things his way For the fight of his life, undisputed middleweight champion Bernard Hopkins chose some music that says something about his life. When he enters the ring Saturday to face Oscar De La Hoya, it won #39;t be to pulsating rap.
Iraqi president appeals for aid FAZ Weekly. Iraqi President Ghazi Yawer made all of the important political stops in Berlin on Thursday, seeing the German president, the development minister and finally the chancellor.
Police kill India #39;s most wanted bandit and was usually clad in military camouflage. He was known as the  quot;Jungle Cat quot; for his ability to. move and disappear in the forests of south India that were his home for decades.
Lava Oozes Out of Mount St. Helens (Reuters) Reuters - Lava has begun to ooze out of\Washington state's Mount St. Helens, building up the lava crust\in the volcano's crater, government scientists said on\Wednesday.
Iraq Rebels Hit Back as U.S. Bombs Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S. forces hit Iraq's rebel  stronghold of Falluja with the fiercest air and ground  bombardment in months, as insurgents struck back on Saturday  with attacks that killed up to 37 people in Samarra.
Packers' Favre, Green Miss Practice (Reuters) Reuters - Green Bay Packers star\quarterback Brett Favre and top running back Ahman Green both\missed Thursday's practice with injuries.
Matthew Zemek / FOXSports.com Posted: 3 minutes ago How does one even begin to analyze the latest unforgettable installment of a rivalry that always seems to produce an indelible and searing memory?
Boston Red Sox Team Report - September 6 (Sports Network) - Two of the top teams in the American League tangle in a possible American League Division Series preview tonight, as the West-leading Oakland Athletics host the wild card-leading Boston Red Sox for the first of a three-game set at the 
J J Helps Boost Blue Chips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. blue chips rose  on Thursday,  boosted by Johnson   Johnson &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=JNJ.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;JNJ.N&lt;/A&gt; following its move to buy  Guidant Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GDT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GDT.N&lt;/A&gt;, but market gains were limited after  Goldman Sachs posted disappointing revenues.
Basketball: Moscow fumes as Utah Jazz pulls out of NBA date MOSCOW : Russian basketball champions CSKA Moscow said they were disappointed that NBA giants Utah Jazz had pulled out off a planned exhibition match here because of security fears.
Nowak back at MLS Cup in new role Peter Nowak has played in two MLS Cups. He liked the first a lot better. Nowak was the MVP of Major League Soccer #39;s championship game in 1998, assisting on two goals in the Chicago Fire #39;s 2-0 win over DC United.
Study: Starvation Caused Moose Decline (AP) AP - Malnutrition and starvation have drastically reduced moose numbers in northwest Wyoming, according to the author of a new study that debunks the belief among some that wolves are a leading cause of the decline.
Holmes Will Return Despite a knee injury that ended his season, the Chiefs' Priest Holmes says he is "definitely 100 percent" planning to be back for 2005.
Douglas back with the Eagles It appears the Eagles are continuing on a quest to reunite some of the old gang for one gigantic Super Bowl run. Hugh Douglas, one of the team #39;s most popular players during his five seasons 
South African wins Madrid Open by two shots to assure European &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Richard Sterne of South Africa shot a 5-under-par 65 and rallied to win the one-million-euro (\$1.5-million Cdn) Madrid Open by two shots Sunday, ensuring the 23-year-old of another year on the European tour.
Microsoft readies Host Integration Server 2004 The newest edition of Host Integration Server, which replaces the 2000 version, is designed to make it easier for users to link Windows systems with IBM mainframes and midrange iSeries servers.
G7, Paris Club Agree on Iraq Debt Relief  BERLIN (Reuters) - The United States, Germany and other G7  nations agreed Saturday to write off up to 80 percent or \$33  billion of Iraq's Paris Club debt, which could pave the way for  a wider international accord, officials said.
IRA Would Disarm if N.Irish Deal Is Struck - Adams (Reuters) Reuters - Gerry Adams, leader of the Irish\Republican Army's (IRA) political ally Sinn Fein, signaled on\Sunday that the guerrilla group was ready to give up its arms,\but only if a new Northern Ireland peace deal can be struck.
These meetings are hardly meaty ANAHEIM, Calif. -- Put the executives of 30 major league teams, dozens of agents, and all of their assorted support staff -- we're talking sufficient manpower for three brigades -- and what do you get?
Lisbon date for Newcastle Newcastle have been pitted against Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon in the inaugural UEFA Cup group stage. It could mean a reunion with midfielder Hugo Viana, who has returned to the Portuguese capital on 
Fed #39;s Bies Criticizes Lawmakers #39; Lack of Spending Discipline The US government budget has become a cookie jar #39; #39; for lawmakers over the past four years, with taxpayer funds spent in some cases for political reasons, #39; #39; Federal Reserve Governor Susan Bies said.
Now #39;s not time to lift rates The growth of jobs has stalled in the US, and this has big implications for Australia. For interest rates, for our dollar, for jobs here, for our economy more generally, and for investments.
Two American GIs Die in Afghanistan Blast KABUL, Afghanistan - A bomb killed two American soldiers and wounded three others in southern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said Saturday, and an attack in an eastern province killed three children and two others on the first day of the Islamic holy month of Ramadan...
Nexen reports higher Q3 earnings, cuts production forecast CALGARY - Oil and gas company Nexen Inc. posted higher third-quarter earnings on Thursday, but also lowered its production target for the year.
Ford reports lower US sales again Ford Motor Co. said Friday its US sales fell in September despite aggressive month-end incentives. Ford (F: up \$0.05 to \$14.10, Research, Estimates), the nation #39;s second-largest automaker 
Sony Moves to MP3 In a strategic move, electronics giant Sony has announced that some of its new music player models will now feature direct support for MP3 audio files.
Safety Gap Grows Wider Between S.U.V.'s and Cars People driving or riding in a sport utility vehicle in 2003 were nearly 11 percent more likely to die in an accident than people in cars.
Crude Oil Rises After Nigerian Unions Call Strike to Cut Supply Crude oil futures rose in New York after unions in Nigeria, the fifth-biggest supplier to the US, called a strike this month to disrupt the country #39;s oil exports.
RAF Jets with Orders to Shoot Up to four fully-armed RAF fighter planes are likely to have escorted Olympic Airways flight 411 into Stansted today, with orders to shoot it from the skies if it threatened the capital.
Tiger Woods Weds Swede Model in Barbados LANE BEACH, Barbados - Tiger Woods is now a married man, according to People magazine and several other news outlets. People reported on its Web site that the world's most famous golfer married Swedish model Elin Nordegren in a sunset ceremony at a resort in Barbados on Tuesday...
Jailed lifestyle guru Stewart finds fellow inmates nice Things arent so bad at Camp Cupcake after all, according to Martha Stewart, who has posted her first public comments to supporters since she began serving a five-month prison sentence ten days ago for lying about a stock sale.
Booming China raises workers' hopes - and discontent Low pay and poor conditions drove employees at two shoe plants in the Pearl River Delta to riot.
Australia close India file at last Steve Waugh described India as the final frontier and it was crossed yesterday by a locum captain and an ageing team as Australia won a series here for the first time in 35 years.
U.S. Army Base Faces Uncertain Fate At Ulrich Jung's hair salon, rumors are flying about the future of this small town in the rolling hills of southwestern Germany. One customer with a buzz cut has heard that all the U.S. troops will leave by 2007. Someone else has information that they will be gone sooner, perhaps within a year.
Notre Dame extends Brey through 2010-11 season South Bend, IN (Sports Network) - Notre Dame head basketball coach Mike Brey has signed a two-year extension that will keep him under contract with the Fighting Irish through the 2010-11 season.
Dell Considers AMD For Server Lines  quot;Chief Executive Kevin Rollins said the company was considering using Advanced Micro Devices chips for some future server products, but stressed that Dell had no formal plans as yet to embrace AMD.
Study: Companies struggle to capture business processes When software projects go bad, the results can be disastrous. Every few months, a new horror story pops into the headlines -- like Hewlett-Packard Co.'s recent, flawed SAP deployment. The company had done dozens of smooth ERP (enterprise resource planning) migration projects, but when its latest ran into problems, the cascading disruptions contributed to HP missing its third-quarter financial projections.
Yukos could still rescue its main asset with help from US judge Yukos can succeed in postponing the auction of Yuganskneftegaz on December 19 if the court rules in its favor in the case where the Russian oil giant seeks US Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
Dhaka fire destroys 1,800 shops A fire at a market in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka,  kills one and destroys about 1,800 shops.
Linux market to exceed \$35bn by 2008 The overall market revenue for Linux desktops, servers and packaged software will exceed \$35bn by 2008, research published today has claimed.
Car Bombs, Clashes Kill 12 Iraqis Car bombs and clashes killed 12 Iraqis on Monday and three Australian troops were wounded in the first attack on their contingent since the end of the Iraq war.
Top Tories back Johnson sacking Senior Tories back their leader's decision to sack shadow arts minister Boris Johnson amid allegations about his private life.
Vendor hit with costs for recertifying electronic voting machines &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; OCTOBER 11, 2004 (REUTERS) - NEW YORK -- Diebold Inc., the leading maker of automated teller machines, today reduced its third-quarter and full-year earnings forecasts as it absorbs costs for recertifying its electronic voting machines in California and 
KPMG witness takes stand in Kazaa trial It is possible to trace users sharing unlicensed music files through their IP address, the Federal Court was told today by the major music labels #39; first witness in their civil case against peer-to-peer software provider Sharman Networks.
US  #39;sabotaged #39; efforts to save British hostage The brother of a British hostage being held in Iraq accused the United States on Thursday of sabotaging efforts to spare the man #39;s life.
Baseball in Washington in jeopardy (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - Washington's new baseball team shut down business and promotional operations indefinitely Wednesday as its move to the nation's capital teetered on the brink of collapse. The decision by major league baseball followed the D.C. Council's decision Tuesday to require private financing for at least half the cost of building a new stadium.
Frantic attempt to stop the train - then utter devastation A suicidal car driver may have caused the train crash which killed seven people and injured 150, it emerged yesterday. Police are investigating whether a man who stopped his car on an unmanned level crossing 
Sinn Fein Cast Doubt on Chances of N.Irish Deal  BELFAST, Northern Ireland (Reuters) - Sinn Fein, the  political ally of the IRA, cast doubt Saturday on whether a  deal to restore power-sharing in Northern Ireland could be  struck with its arch foes, led by firebrand cleric Ian Paisley,  at talks next week.
Computer Associatates Bonus Proposal Defeated The management of Computer Associates (CA:NYSE - news - research) on Wednesday defeated three efforts by shareholders and corporate governance advocates to punish the company for an accounting scandal that led to the restatement of \$2 billion in revenue 
Ivorian exile's gardener killed An employee of Ivory Coast opposition leader Alassane Ouattara is found dead in suspicious circumstances.
Race Is Wide Open As Howard prepares to play its final six games, all against MEAC opponents, the Bison find themselves in the thick of the conference race.
Blogs  Diamond in the Rough for your Marketing? Blogs  #8211; Diamond in the Rough for your Marketing?\\Blogs are a potential diamond in the rough for your website's marketing campaign.  They offer readers a goldmine of insights, provided by business leaders, market leaders, innovators, philosophers, marketers, political commentators, and many other opinion makers who never before have enjoyed ...
Shevchenko #39;s double breathes life into 10-man Milan Two goals in four minutes from Ukranian striker Andriy Shevchenko gave AC Milan a 2-1 win away to Lazio and kick-started the Italian champions #39; title defence.
Weaned on Video Games Video gamers are getting younger and younger. And parents and the video game industry agree that the implications are likely to be enormous.
Cricket: Sri Lanka keeper quits Sri Lanka wicket-keeper/batsman Romesh Kaluwitharana announces his retirement from international cricket.
Car Bombs Kill 24, Wound Over 100 in Iraq (AP) AP - Insurgents unleashed a pair of powerful car bombs Monday near the symbol of U.S. authority in Iraq  #151; the Green Zone, where the U.S. Embassy and key government offices are located  #151; and hotels occupied by hundreds of foreigners. Two other explosions brought the day's bombing toll to at least 24 dead and more than 100 wounded.
Upside of a Down Dollar U.S. manufacturers benefit greatly from a cheaper dollar, one major reason why the Bush administration has taken a relaxed attitude toward the slide in the U.S. currency.
Italy beats US Eagles Italy fought off a strong second-half comeback by the United States and won its rugby union Test 43-25 on Saturday. Flyhalf Luciano Orquera scored 20 points including a try, and winger 
Mild El Nino Developing in Pacific (AP) AP - A mild El Nino is developing in the Pacific Ocean, climate experts said Friday. El Ninos can affect weather in other areas, sometimes worldwide.
Italy remains calm after loss to Slovenia Italy was upset, although not altogether distraught, after its first loss in World Cup qualifying. Slovenia beat the Azzurri 1-0 in Celje on substitute Bostjan Cesar #39;s 82nd-minute header.
Turkey joins 19-race Formula One schedule A record 19-race calendar was approved Friday for the 2005 Formula One season, with the Turkish Grand Prix joining the lineup. The British, French and San Marino races remain after facing cancellation threats.
Amex sues Visa, MasterCard NEW YORK: American Express on Monday sued credit card associations Visa and MasterCard and eight banks for damages from what it called anti-competitive practices that prevented 20,000 US banks from using its credit card products.
The Importance Of Being Private (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - Google's 1.7 billion initial public offering in August gave entrepreneurs reason to rub the sleepy dust out of their eyes. All year the new-issues market had been slowly awakening. Through the end of October U.S. companies raised  #36;29 billion in initial stock sales, almost twice the total raised in all of 2003.
Lowe's Optimistic Outlook Second-largest home improvement retailer continues to produce strong results.
Sadr #39;s aide denies entering of Iraqi police into Najaf shrine BAGHDAD, Aug. 20 (Xinhuanet) -- A top aide to Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr denied a government announcement that Iraqi police entered Imam Ali shrine in Najaf on Friday, Al-Jazeera TV channel reported. 
Sluggish back-to-school buying hits retail sales Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) and other top retailers reported sluggish August sales Thursday, below Wall Street expectations, as soaring fuel prices cut into back-to-school spending.
Quebec accountant convicted of defrauding nuns gets house arrest (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - QUEBEC (CP) - A 68-year-old accountant convicted of taking part in a scheme to defraud Roman Catholic nuns of  #36;100 million was sentenced Friday to two years' house arrest.
Owen strike brings Real Madrid 1-0 victory over Valencia in &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Michael Owen scored his first Spanish league goal Saturday to lead Real Madrid over defending champion Valencia 1-0. Owen, who scored the match-winner in the seventh minute, got his first 
Sun to return to NAS market with StorEdge 5210 Sun Microsystems Inc. on Tuesday will announce a number of new storage products, including a new server that signals the company's return to NAS (network-attached storage). Called the StorEdge 5210, the file server is a midrange NAS appliance developed with technology that Sun licensed from Irvine, California-based Procom Technology Inc. in April.
Bucs Release Schroeder and Gramatica (Reuters) Reuters - The Tampa Bay Buccaneers on\Tuesday released wide receiver Bill Schroeder and kicker Martin\Gramatica, and activated offensive guard Matt O'Dwyer from the\physically unable to perform list.
Japan's homeless face ageism The number of Japanese homeless is on the rise, and cultural attitudes about age are exacerbating the situation.
Novell releases SuSE Linux Pro Novell has announced the release of its all-in-one Linux product for newcomers and technical enthusiasts. SuSE Linux Professional 9.2 comes with latest open source features, including kernel 2.6 enhancements, KDE 3.3 and GNOME 2.6 desktop environments.
Braves' Wright Suffers Bruised Ankle  ATLANTA (Sports Network) - Atlanta Braves starting pitcher  Jaret Wright left Tuesday's game against the New York Mets with  a bruised right ankle.
Movie Lawsuits on the Way The movie industry plans to sue people who share movies online. Starting Nov. 16, people who trade copyright films online could be sued for thousands of dollars. By Katie Dean.
Greece Shamed Again at Their Own Games  ATHENS (Reuters) - The Greeks were shamed again at their  own Olympics on Sunday when bronze medal weightlifter Leonidas  Sampanis was kicked out after failing a dope test.
MPAA sues file swappers The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) launched its initiative to file lawsuits against online movie traders on Tuesday.
Liverpool captain Gerrard ready to return Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Liverpool skipper Steven Gerrard is expected to return from a two-month absence Saturday at Middlesbrough.
White House Deals With Detainee Legalities (AP) AP - The Bush administration is taking the narrowest possible view of legal rights the Supreme Court gave to terrorism detainees while trying to fend off any new court challenges. Ultimately the high court probably will weigh in again, lawyers said.
GOP Sharpens Attacks As Convention Opens NEW YORK - Sen. John McCain said Monday it was fair game to criticize Democrat John Kerry's anti-war protests three decades ago, firing an opening salvo as Republicans sought to use their national convention to portray President Bush as a strong wartime leader...
Falcons keep heat on Bulger, RBs He #39;s a cool guy, a borderline lunatic, someone who can jam the hell out of a Strat. He #39;s got a temper that #39;s quicker than Michael Vick and spent some time last week talking football 
US firm awarded extended contract for Antarctica work AUCKLAND, Oct 19 (AFP) - A company that supports the US science programme in Antarctica has been awarded a 546 million dollar extension to its contract, the US National Science Foundation (NSF) said in a statement Tuesday.
Sony Lags Behind Demand for Flat TV's Sony is having trouble meeting soaring demand for flat televisions as its assembly lines did not gear up quickly enough.
The looming national benefit crisis The long-term economic health of the United States is threatened by \$53 trillion in government debts and liabilities that start to come due in four years when baby boomers begin to retire.
Microsoft, Sun Want To Hold Sway Over Wall Street (Investor's Business Daily) Investor's Business Daily - That's the lesson Microsoft and Sun Microsystems are about to learn as they take on Linux -- and each other -- in dueling efforts to woo Wall Street techies.
Notre Dame Fighting Irish SOUTH BEND, Indiana (Ticker) -- Seventh-ranked Michigan tries to win in South Bend for the first time in a decade Saturday when it visits Notre Dame, which was blown out by the Wolverines last year.
Pedro Martinez Picks Mets Over Red Sox (AP) AP - Pedro Martinez closed in on a four-year deal with the New York Mets, and the Boston Red Sox resigned themselves Monday to losing the three-time Cy Young Award winner.
Pak wants US intervention in Kashmir: World News: Lahore, Dec 15 : Pakistan has expressed its desire for the Bush administration #39;s intervention to help Islamabad sort out all of its conflicting issues with New Delhi.
Sadr agrees to end Najaf crisis: Iraqi delegates BAGHDAD, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Iraqi delegates to a conference choosing a national assembly said on Wednesday that radical Shiite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr had agreed to government demands to end the crisis in the holy city of Najaf, 160 km south of ...
Arafat admits 'mistakes' to MPs Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat makes a rare admission that "unacceptable mistakes" have been made under him.
Ex-Worker Sues RNC for Discrimination (AP) AP - A former field director is accusing the Florida Republican Party of racial discrimination in a federal lawsuit.
Five Pacers charged in basketball brawl DETROIT - Five Indiana Pacers players were charged today with assault and battery in a brawl that broke out on the court last month and spilled into the stands at The Palace of Auburn Hills.
EU embroiled in taxing debate over 'fiscal dumping' (AFP) AFP - European finance ministers clashed over Franco-German proposals to harmonise EU corporate taxes to prevent lower-cost member states grabbing too much of the investment pie.
China Party Chief Rules Out Multi-Party Democracy  BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Communist Party chief Hu Jintao  ruled out multi-party democracy on Wednesday on the eve of a  key meeting aimed at tightening the party's grip on power.
Maradona returns to Cuba for treatment Fallen football legend Diego Maradona has returned to Cuba to resume treatment for cocaine addiction after a relapse confined him to a psychiatric hospital in his native Argentine and sparked unsuccessful attempts by his family to keep him at home.
Computer, TV Merger Begins SBC and Microsoft strike a \$400 million deal to provide internet TV.   Also: Gates agrees to computer charity work in developing countries   hellip;.  Japan gives us surround-sound cell phones   hellip;. and more.
Man United defends agents #39; fees Manchester United yesterday revealed that it agreed payments to players #39; agents of 5.5m last year, equivalent to more than 9 of the club #39;s operating profit and almost 20 of its pre-tax profit.
Power People It #39;s not hard to imagine corporate executives treating Terry Penney #39;s ideas with skepticism. Penney, an engineering manager at the US government #39;s National 
Smith to join Redknapp at Saints New Southampton boss Harry Redknapp plans to bring Jim Smith in as his assistant in time for Saturday #39;s Premiership clash against Tottenham.
Cazenove Gets Serious with U.S. Suitors (Reuters) Reuters - Cazenove is getting serious in its\courtship with at least two U.S. investment banks and the\180-year old UK brokerage could tie the knot with one of its\suitors in a matter of weeks, sources close to the situation\said Monday.
Jays Claim Song Off Waivers From Montreal (AP) AP - The Toronto Blue Jays claimed right-hander Seung Song off waivers from the Montreal Expos on Saturday.
IBM Plans Web Meeting Service, Takes Aim at WebEx (Reuters) Reuters - IBM  plans to offer\Web-conferencing as a hosted Internet service, seeking to reach\small and medium-sized business customers while taking on more\established rivals in the market, the company said on Tuesday.
NEC delays notebook fuel cell launch NEC Corp. has succeeded in reducing the size of a prototype direct methanol fuel cell for use with notebook PCs but says it is unlikely to see commercialization until at least two years later than previously forecast.
More than just a game As Newcastle United #39;s new boss Graeme Souness sets out to bring harmony to a troubled St James Park, where factionalism and conflict have been the order of the day in recent times, he could do worse than look to tomorrow night #39;s Uefa Cup opponents for a 
More Australia child porn arrests Australian police make more arrests in a child pornography crackdown, as the first people charged appear in court.
Yankees' AL East Lead Drops to 3 1/2 Games (AP) AP - The Boston Red Sox looked at the out-of-town scoreboard and could hardly believe what they saw. The New York Yankees were trailing big at home against the Cleveland Indians in what would be the worst loss in the 101-year history of the storied franchise.
NBA Needs to Look in Mirror, Not Just at Artest Ron Artest has some time off now to assess where his life and his career are going. He can get some help. He is only 25 and it #39;s not as if he can #39;t revive his career next season.
Cassini Heads Toward Giant Moon on Saturn PASADENA, Calif. - The US-European spacecraft Cassini hurtled Tuesday toward its closest encounter yet with Saturn #39;s giant moon Titan.
Cheney to Make Visit to Hawaii on Sunday (AP) AP - Making a major detour on the campaign trail, Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday night will rally voters in Hawaii where just two Republicans have ever won the state in a presidential race.
Chinese GP, Friday Alonso thirteenth and Villeneuve fifteenth following a busy opening day at the Shanghai cirucit.
NL Wrap: Rookie Pitcher Leads Pirates Over Astros  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Rookie John Van Benschoten pitched  eight strong innings to seize his first major league victory,  powering the Pittsburgh Pirates past the Houston Astros 6-1 in  the National League Friday.
Bender Hurt Again Pacers forward Jonathan Bender is expected to be out six weeks with an injured left knee. The knee has troubled Bender his entire career.
DVD Sales Will Drive Pixar #39;s Earnings Credit Suisse First Boston maintained an  quot;outperform quot; rating for Pixar Animation Studios (nasdaq: PIXR - news - people ) after the animated film company reported robust earnings for the third quarter.
Broadcaster Sues EDS Over CRM Contract AUGUST 23, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - The UK #39;s largest satellite TV broadcaster sued Electronic Data Systems Corp. last week over a \$109 million CRM development contract that was signed in late 2000 and then terminated two years ago.
Italian carmaker revels on home course MONZA, Italy -- Brazilian Rubens Barrichello led a Ferrari 1-2 in the Italian Grand Prix on Sunday to trigger a homecoming party for the Formula One champions.
Afghan militants demand 26 pisoners Militants holding three foreign UN workers Sunday gave Afghan officials a list of 26 prisoners whom they want released, with Tuesday the new deadline.
Freak Rock to Buzz Earth An asteroid with a wild orbit is about to zoom by our planet. Plus: Solving the mystery of the Pioneer anomaly could take decades.... A biologist finds a chunk of space shuttle Columbia. By Amit Asaravala.
Greek sprinter Kenteris quits Games ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympic 200 metres champion Costas Kenteris and his fellow Greek Olympic silver medallist Katerina Thanou say they are withdrawing from the Athens Games. 
Palestinians Fire at Gaza Settlements A relative cries during the funeral for Israeli soldier Moshe Almaliach, in the southern Israeli town of Dimona, Friday, Oct. 22, 2004.
Froogle released in Europe Google #39;s shopping-specific search site, Froogle, has seen its first release outside US shores. The UK is the first European country to get Google #39;s shopping search and comparison service.
FedEx Quarterly Earnings More Than Double  NEW YORK (Reuters) - FedEx Corp., the world's top  air-express shipper, on Wednesday said quarterly earnings more  than doubled on strong revenue growth in its international,  ground and freight services.
Germany Rejects Speculation That Iraq Policy May Change German officials today reaffirmed their policy of not contributing troops to the American-led coalition in Iraq and rejected speculation, prompted by a remark by the 
Taliban Attack Afghan Government Office 29 September 2004 -- Afghan police said Taliban militants attacked an Afghan government office early this morning and launched a gun battle that left four attackers and three Afghan troops dead.
IBM #39;s PC saga was two decades in the unmaking until then the ruler of a still-nascent industry -an a cheeky advertisement greeting its new rival. The ad said:  quot;Welcome, IBM.
US Airborne Laser Advances to  #39;First Light #39; A Boeing Co.-led team has successfully fired for the first time a powerful laser meant to fly aboard a modified 747 as part of a US ballistic missile defense shield, officials said on Friday.
Nokia Debuts Preminet Service In an effort to make it easier to sell, distribute and buy cell-phone applications, Nokia (Quote, Chart) has announced the launch of Preminet, a service to distribute certified Java- and Symbian-based mobile software.
AU Says Sudan Launches New Attacks on Darfuris (Reuters) Reuters - Nigerian President and African Union (AU)\chairman Olusegun Obasanjo said Monday AU cease-fire monitors\had confirmed Darfur rebel reports that the Sudan government\launched fresh attacks on civilians last week.
Space station astronauts told to ration food Two astronauts face a not-so-merry Christmas after being told to ration their food and hope a cargo ship with extra supplies docks on December 26.
UK Owns IU, Kentucky Beats Hoosiers in Basketball Too Today at Freedom Hall, Patrick Sparks scored 16 points as the tenth-ranked Wildcats dominated the Hoosiers inside in a 73-to-58 victory.
Oh, Christmas Tree For the past five years, Margaret and Phillip Moore have been making the three-hour drive up from Atlanta to choose and cut their own Christmas tree from Ds Trees, a farm located on Cane Creek in Cullowhee.
Waltham sex boutique aims to attract couples On a recent Wednesday night at the Lifestyles shop on Moody Street, owner Gary Stone gestured toward a couple in their 40s who were perusing the store's lengthy wall of sex toys. They were dressed smartly, as if they had just dined at one of Waltham's fancier downtown restaurants.
Humana #39;s Quarterly Earnings Rise Health insurer Humana Inc. posted a rise in quarterly profit on Monday as the company #39;s Medicare business gained and it kept health premiums ahead of soaring underlying medical costs.
Crude oil prices retreat after topping new high Crude oil prices retreated Monday as Norwegian officials ordered striking oil workers to resume their work, reducing market #39;s fears over disruptions in Norwegian oil supplies.
Police raid alleged by Bigley brother Paul Bigley, brother of the hostage Ken Bigley, said yesterday that a third visit had been made to his home in Amsterdam by a Metropolitan police officer and Dutch anti-terrorist police.
Euro rises to new record high 1.2937 dollars (AFP) AFP - The euro rose to a new record high against the dollar, climbing to 1.2937 dollars in late European trades.
Vince Carter Traded to Nets  EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (Sports Network) - The Toronto  Raptors have traded All-Star swingman Vince Carter to the New  Jersey Nets in exchange for center Alonzo Mourning, forward  Eric Williams, center/forward Aaron Williams and two first-  round draft picks.
Making A Splash What a week! Here #39;s to Phelps, Thorpe and all the other breakout stars - especially the unheralded Africans. It was an irresistible formula for concocting the most popular Olympic event of the first week.
U.S. Forces Say Rebels Trapped in Southern Falluja  FALLUJA, Iraq (Reuters) - U.S.-led forces have trapped  insurgents in southern Falluja, Marines said on Friday, the  fourth day of an assault that has killed "hundreds" of rebels.  Eighteen American and five Iraqi troops have also died.
Epson announces R-D1 availability Epson has announced that the world #39;s first digital rangefinder camera, the R-D1 is to begin shipping in the US on November 1 and is expected to cost around \$2,999.
India deserves to be represented in UN Security Council, G-8 &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt;  quot;India with 1.3 billion population ought to be represented in the UN Security Council and involved in the G-8 process, said Tony Blair.
Arguments conclude in evolution sticker trial Attorneys for both sides of a challenge to evolution disclaimers on science books in a suburban Atlanta school district made their final pleas before a federal judge Friday.
Mich. plant workers reach tentative deal REDFORD, Mich. -- Representatives for about 1,300 United Auto Workers members at DaimlerChrysler AG #39;s Detroit Diesel engine manufacturing plant reached a tentative agreement Wednesday, one day after going 
Abbey deal wins Spanish approval Shareholders in Spain's Banco Santander Central Hispano approve the takeover of UK bank Abbey.
Roddick Rocks Voltchkov as US Leads Belarus 2-0 Andy Roddick and Mardy  quot;Silver quot; Fish put the US up 2-0 Friday in their Davis Cup semifinal match-up against Belarus. Roddick overwhelmed Vladimir  quot;The Vladiator quot; Voltchkov 6-1, 6-4, 6-4, followed by Fish defeating 
Oil moves UK trade deficit higher A monthly deficit on its oil balance saw the UK's worldwide trade gap widen to its highest level since January.
In a national park, the call of the wild: Is it cellular? (USATODAY.com) USATODAY.com - At least 30 national parks now sport cell phone towers or other antennas, according to a newly released partial inventory by the National Park Service. This list, the first of its kind, is evidence that phone companies are targeting America's national parks for business.
Oracle v. PeopleSoft Trial Closes All eyes are on a Delaware Chancery Court judge now that Oracle #39;s lawsuit against PeopleSoft closed Friday. The two-weeks #39; worth of testimony centered on Oracle #39;s request that PeopleSoft (Quote, Chart) remove its Customer Assurance Program (CAP).
Supreme Court hears file sharing case The US Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider a case likely to have a significant impact on the music, video and electronics industries.
Lycos Europe #39;s antispam tool no longer available After days of negative publicity and criticism, Lycos Europe #39;s  quot;Make love not spam quot; screensaver application is no longer available.
MmO2 to bring i-mode to three European markets I-mode services are coming to the competitive UK market, in addition to Ireland and the second such service in Germany, through a new deal between UK-based MmO2 plc and Japan #39;s NTT DoCoMo Inc.
First 2 games vs. Expos will be at US Cellular Field CHICAGO  The Marlins are beginning to identify with the Montreal Expos as far as playing home games on the road. The Marlins already had to make up one of last weekend #39;s three postponed 
Editors' Picks: What do you think of the iMac's newest design? From the introduction of the first Macintosh computer through to the release of the iPod, Apple Computer has earned a reputation for cutting-edge industrial design. Does the newest iMac live up to that reputation?
Heading west 2 games up  It might have been the last Fenway Park game of the magical 2004 season. And if it was, there'll be a parade in Boston sometime before Election Day . . . perhaps the grandest celebration in 374 years of Hub history.
Dollar Lifted by Slipping Oil Prices  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose to a three-week high  against the euro on Wednesday, boosted by a fall in the price  of oil, which should help narrow the U.S. trade deficit and  thus benefit the dollar.
Mortgage Applications Off in Oct. 22 Week (Reuters) Reuters - New applications for U.S. home loans\fell last week even as average 30-year mortgage rates decreased\from the previous week, an industry group said on Wednesday.
Blockbuster Eliminates Late Fees As of January first, you won #39;t have to pay those dreaded late fees at Blockbuster stores. Movie and game rentals will still have due dates, but if you need to keep it an extra day or so, you can do it stress-free.
Diamondbacks Sign Pitcher Russ Ortiz (AP) AP - The Arizona Diamondbacks kept busy Friday, signing free-agent pitcher Russ Ortiz to a four-year deal a day after agreeing to terms with third baseman Troy Glaus.
Packers #39; Green highlights NFC Players of the Week New York, NY (Sports Network) - Green Bay Packers running back Ahman Green, Detroit Lions defensive tackle Shaun Rogers and Arizona Cardinals kicker Neil Rackers were named the NFC Offensive, Defensive and Special Teams Players of the Week for Week 7 of 
BLUSHES IN BLUE FLOWING football it was not. Neither did the expected goal glut at Stamford Bridge materialise. Instead, Chelsea came crashing down to earth on home ground, of all places, as Bolton caused one of the biggest surprises of the season so far.
Intel backtracks on offering chips for projection TVs now In another product postpone-ment, semiconductor giant Intel Corp said it won #39;t be offering a chip for projection TVs by the end of this year as it had announced earlier this year. 
3 Palestinians killed in Israeli incursion At least three Palestinians were killed in clashes with Israeli army who invaded the southern Gazatown of Khan Younis at dawn on Friday, medical sources said.
China Coal Mine Blast Traps 187 Miners -Xinhua A gas explosion at a coal mine in northern China has trapped 187 miners, the official Xinhua news agency said on Sunday. The blast tore through the state-run Chenjiashan 
No Go-Ahead Stamp for Microsoft #39;s Passport Microsoft is recasting ambitions for its .Net Passport identification system, saying the service now will be limited to its own online offerings and those of close partners.
Jet fires rounds through school The US military was investigating Thursday a National Guard F-16 fighter jet that fired 25 rounds through a New Jersey school. The rounds were fired on a nighttime training 
Pakistan test-fires nuclear-capable missile (AFP) AFP - Pakistan has test-fired a short-range nuclear capable missile, its fifth missile test this year.
Mauresmo, Davenport reach semis in Germany FILDERSTADT (Germany) - Amelie Mauresmo and Lindsay Davenport took their battle for the No. 1 ranking and Porsche Grand Prix title into the semi-finals with straight-sets victories on Friday.
Dollar Firms, Bearish Sentiment Lingers  NEW YORK (Reuters) - The dollar rose on Monday in a  retracement from last week's steep losses, but dealers said the  bias toward a weaker greenback remained intact.
Big Blast, Mushroom Cloud Reported in N.Korea  SEOUL (Reuters) - A huge explosion rocked North Korea near  the border with China three days ago, producing a mushroom  cloud that sparked speculation that Pyongyang might have tested  an atomic weapon, Yonhap news agency reported on Sunday.
US 'kills 22' in Afghan firefight US forces kill 22 suspected Taleban militants in southern Afghanistan, the American military says.
FTC shuts down debt collection company Sonya Harper, 35, knew she didn #39;t buy a car when she was 15 years old. So why was a debt collector threatening to sue her unless she paid \$800 on a car she never had?
Seagate Floats -- for a Day Seagate Technology offers a better than expected revenue and earnings forecast; the stock should still be avoided.
Who's Left From Bush's First-Term Cabinet (AP) AP - A look at the six people in President Bush's 15-member Cabinet who will remain in the administration in the second term:
Is genocide just a word in Darfur dilemma? (FindLaw) -- In response to a question about atrocities taking place in the Darfur region of western Sudan, Secretary of State Colin Powell said,  quot;We have learned from Rwanda.
Minnesota #39;s newest star is a rookie with game It was a smooth deflection -- as fluid as the floating, twisting, game-turning layup Nicole Ohlde had been asked about a few seconds earlier.
Lawyers ask to seal Bryant interview EAGLE, Colo. -- Defense attorneys argued in a court filing that Kobe Bryant's statements to investigators after the basketball player was accused of rape last summer should be kept secret because it is not certain they will be used in his trial.
Kinnear resigns as Nottingham Forest manager Joe Kinnear resigned Thursday as manager of struggling League Championship side Nottingham Forest. Kinnear took over at the City Ground in February and steered Forest out of relegation danger last season.
Distrust on Arafat's demise RAMALLAH, West Bank -- Yasser Arafat's nephew said yesterday his uncle may have died an  quot;unnatural quot; death, a statement certain to renew speculation among Palestinians and in the rest of the Arab world where many already believe the late leader was poisoned despite Israel's repeated and vehement denials.
New Trouble for Mike Tyson (New York- WABC, December 9, 2004 ) - Boxer Mike Tyson has had another run in with the law. Tyson was released yesterday after his arrest in Arizona.
Hamilton Sets Early Pace as Woods Struggles  KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - British Open champion Todd  Hamilton made the first significant move in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round Sunday as overnight pacesetter Vijay  Singh prepared for an afternoon tee-off.
Yemeni Militants Convicted of Terrorism (AP) AP - A court on Saturday convicted 15 Yemeni militants on terrorism charges, including the 2002 bombing of a French oil tanker and a plot to kill the U.S. ambassador. One man was sentenced to death for killing a Yemeni police officer and seven received 10-year prison terms.
Frances Takes Aim at Florida Panhandle FORT PIERCE, Fla. - Weakened but persistent, Tropical Storm Frances took aim at the Florida Panhandle on Monday after leaving behind flooding and torn rooftops throughout a wide swath of central and southern Florida...
For Jets, Two Victories and Two Big Injuries The Jets began their bye week Monday, and the time off comes not a moment too soon. A day after their second straight victory sent them to their best regular 
Ticket Scalpers Not Doing Good Business in Athens The perennial Olympics pariah, commonly known as the ticket scalper, is having a hard time in Athens. Scalpers normally buy hard-to-get tickets, with hopes of selling them later at highly inflated prices.
Currencies: ECB comment pares euro #39;s gains on dollar NEW YORK The dollar edged higher against the euro and the Swiss franc on Monday after the head of the European Central Bank said the euro-zone curreny #39;s recent climb against the dollar was  quot;brutal quot; and unwelcome.
Time to defund NASA? The most important news story of this fall, ultimately more important than the re-election of the president, was the awarding of the X Prize to Burt Rutan for his SpaceShipOne flights.
Artest Suspended for Remainder of Season (Indianapolis-November 22, 2004) -- The Pacers will concentrate today on forming a new game plan for the season, one that doesn #39;t involve three of its top players.
Smithfield Doesn #39;t Go Whole Hog When was the last time you heard about a company more than doubling its profit from the previous year, but an error in judgment restrained that profit?
Gas Prices Drop As Crude Oil Supply Rises CAMARILLO, Calif. Nov 7, 2004 - An increase in the worldwide supply of crude oil contributed to a dip in US prices at the gas pump over the last two weeks, an industry analyst said Sunday.
RWANDAN TROOPS CROSS INTO DR CONGO The Congolese say more than 6,000 Rwandans have crossed the border and are attacking and burning villages. From the eastern town of Beni, Congolese regional cooperation minister Mbusa Nyamwisi said villages were being targeted nearby.
Finns gladly take tip from Eloranta Former Bruin Mikko Eloranta tipped a shot past Olaf Kolzig with 3:22 left, lifting Finland to a 2-1 win over Germany yesterday and into the semifinals of the World Cup of Hockey.
IBM Shark Sales Sink IBM last week announced new high-end and midrange systems that executives said could double the company #39;s market share in external disk by 2008 (see IBM #39;s New Shark Tale).
Novartis Withdraws Application for Prexige (AP) AP - Swiss pharmaceutical giant Novartis AG said Tuesday it is temporarily withdrawing an application for European Union approval of its painkiller Prexige, but added that it will present new data this week to prove the safety and effectiveness of the drug.
Sudan Rejects Revised U.N. Darfur Resolution  CAIRO (Reuters) - Sudan's foreign minister rejected  Wednesday a revised U.N. Security Council draft resolution  threatening to consider sanctions on Sudan and said it had  complicated talks on Darfur between rebels and Khartoum.
Pentagon says it will open tanker deal to competition WASHINGTON The Pentagon is reopening a controversial 23 (b) billion dollar deal with Boeing to supply refueling tankers to the Air Force.
WI captain expects more from England Brian Lara expects the England fast bowlers to come up with something similar to the Shoaib Akhtar bouncer that struck his neck and left him dizzy in the Champions Trophy semi-final, West Indies coach Gus Logie said yesterday.
U.S. Added 96,000 Jobs in September, Fewer Than Expected The unemployment rate remained unchanged at 5.4 percent. The figures are expected to sharpen a presidential debate on domestic policy set for tonight.
House Backs Looser Cuba Sanctions (Reuters) Reuters - The U.S. House of Representatives on\Wednesday defied the White House and voted to ease limits on\U.S. student travel and trade with Cuba, but defeated a measure\that would have lifted all economic sanctions.
UN to help tackle Iraq pollution The United Nations Environment Programme (Unep) has said it will help Iraq clean up the toxic pollution caused by a decade of conflict.
Update 1: Solectron Narrows Loss, Sales Up 23 Pct. Solectron Corp., which manufactures electronics sold under other brands, reported a narrowed loss for its latest quarter as margins and revenue both improved from last year.
Sony unveils Wi-Fi multimedia Cli #233; Big OLED screen, 802.11b, slick design, long-running battery...
Saks to close 11 stores, affecting 700 jobs NEW YORK - Retailer Saks Inc. Friday said it will close its Saks Fifth Avenue upscale department stores in La Jolla and seven other locations and three of its lower-price Off 5th stores, affecting 700 jobs.
Sharon Wins Support for Gaza Plan Prime Minister Ariel Sharon won a critical vote in Israel #39;s parliament Wednesday in favor of his plan to withdraw Israeli settlers and soldiers from the Gaza Strip.
Barcelona #39;s Eto #39;o dazzles on Mallorca return Samuel Eto #39;o had a memorable return to the Estadio Son Moix on Sunday as his two first-half goals helped his new club Barcelona defeat Real Mallorca 3-1.
Human Activity Tied to Deadly Heat Waves While human activity probably isn #39;t directly responsible for the 2003 heat wave that caused thousands of deaths in Europe, British researchers say human influence on the 
Google Says IPO Auction Has Closed  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Google Inc. said on Wednesday that the  auction has closed for its initial public offering.
UK paper moves to Enfield Production staff - now standing at 1000 - will be cut by two-thirds as News International, the UK newspaper unit of News Corp, moves its London printing facilities from Wapping to Enfield.
Stocks Up on Retail Sales, Greenspan Talk NEW YORK, Oct. 15 -- Stocks rebounded moderately Friday as a government report showed that higher oil prices aren #39;t reducing retail sales.
Turk Parliament Approves EU-Backed Reforms  ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey cleared a hurdle on its long path  toward European Union membership on Sunday when its parliament  approved a new penal code which will boost women's rights and  punish police more severely for torture.
Apple adds fastest, cheapest iBooks Apple has updated the iBook range, with the fastest-ever 1.33GHz model and the cheapest-ever model for 749, and adding built-in AirPort Extreme across the line.
N.Y. firm to take winner of Fan Pier bid private Only weeks before the sale of Fan Pier closes, the ownership of the new development team is changing.
Officials fear Temple Mount could collapse Officials said yesterday the number of Muslim worshipers allowed onto the Temple Mount in Jerusalem during the coming month of Ramadan may have to be limited because of a danger the biblical-era complex might collapse.
Pace of US job growth slows The nation's labor markets sputtered again last month as job growth, which surged in October, reverted to the lackluster pace that has marked the recovery for much of the year.
Firefox 1.0 limbers up for launch Mozilla will today launch the nearly-final version of Firefox, its open source web browser, ahead of the 1.0 product launch on 9 November.
La Russa, Francona have family ties For the here and now, it is the challenge of matching wits with Terry Francona that dominates Tony La Russa's thoughts in the World Series.
Ukraine rivals bid to end crisis Presidential rivals Viktor Yushchenko and Viktor Yanukovych meet in a fresh bid to resolve the poll crisis.
Just because Intel is making handset processors doesn #39;t mean Nokia &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Nokia has no immediate plans to use Intel #39;s processors in its handsets, the Finnish phone maker said, tempering an announcement earlier this week that Intel is building a reference design for a Symbian OS mobile phone based on Nokia #39;s Series 60 user 
Gold Fields Welcomes Decision by South African High Court JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, December 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The Board of Directors of Gold Fields Limited (NYSE:GFI)(NYSE:and)(NYSE:JSE:)(NYSE:GFI) welcomes today #39;s decision by the High Court of South Africa in respect of its ability to vote ordinary 
Major glory, maybe,but major gains? No.  Phones across Boston went down yesterday when World Series tickets went on sale. Hotel rooms are already so scarce that Major League Baseball booked rooms at a dozen hotels to come up with the 800 it needs.
KUNG FEUD The sport #39;s one-time bad boy returns to action in China this weekend after 12 months away with a new attitude and renewed hunger.
Group Seeks Ways to Prosecute Cybercrime Governments and private sector officials from around the world sought ways Thursday to jointly combat cybercrime, whose growth mirrors the phenomenal rise of the Internet #39;s popularity.
Roddick, Fish to lead US against Belarus Flushing Meadows, NY (Sports Network) - When the United States meets Belarus in their Davis Cup semifinal later this month, former world No.
Caution Should Rule Decision On Harmony Deal THE merger of Harmony and Gold Fields is attractive in that it will not only create the biggest gold producer in the world, but one which is truly South African.
Palestinians seek monitors for election JERUSALEM -- Palestinian officials appealed yesterday for international monitors to help with their presidential elections and urged Israel's unilateral plan to withdraw from the Gaza Strip be folded into a stalled international peace plan.
3Com posts narrower loss MARLBOROUGH, Mass. -- 3Com Corp. posted a narrower net loss in its latest quarter amid a sharp drop in operating expenses. For the fiscal first quarter ended Aug. 27, the maker of computer-networking equipment 
Petrol prices drive up inflation A 2p increase in the average cost of petrol, as a result of surging crude oil prices, helped push UK inflation higher in October.
Saudi Resist OPEC Quota Increase (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC is keeping its foot to the pedal on\production in a bid to drag down oil prices but may be\reluctant to rubber-stamp extra supplies by lifting official\output limits, Saudi Arabia said on Tuesday.
MCI reports \$3.4B loss, but says it's back on track MCI reported a \$3.4 billion third-quarter loss today, as the company's efforts to recover from bankruptcy were slowed by stiff competition in the long-distance telephone service market.
The Ballad of Shaikh Ahmed THE guy exudes an aura of sure-fire confidence - the confidence that is based on his burning desire to excel. Shaikh Ahmed Mohammed Hasher Al Maktoum expects to be successful - and he invariably is. 
Evocative, and Steamy, Marathon Goes to Japanese Woman The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots, the suffering returned, too.
Powell States Preference for Diplomacy (AP) AP - In a candid interview with his time in office running out, Secretary of State Colin Powell is acknowledging differences with others in the Bush administration and suggesting that the disputes centered on his preference for diplomacy over force to resolve problems.
Players Association presents new proposal to NHL TORONTO (Ticker) - The world will have to wait at least five more days to find out if there will be an NHL season. The league and the Players Association held a four-hour meeting Thursday, the first session 
Historic buildings to be sold Boston Wharf offered \$97m Boston Wharf Co. today is set to sell about half of its remaining portfolio of historic brick buildings in the Fort Point Channel area to Berkeley Investments Inc. for \$97 million, Berkeley executives said yesterday.
Peace talks on Darfur to resume A new round of peace talks between the Sudanese government and rebels from the Darfur region is set to re-open on Friday in the Nigerian capital, Abuja.
Briefly: Tech firms rally against copyright bill roundup Plus: .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...Alvarion expands wireless broadband in China...IBM launches business research group.
Teresa Kerry may bring African roots to the White House (AFP) AFP - In a villa overlooking the Indian Ocean, Teresa Simoes Ferreira grew up in the segregated privilege of Portuguese-ruled Mozambique where she accompanied her father on medical rounds in poor rural areas.
NASA moves forward with Bush #39;s moon and Mars plan With a green light from Congress, NASA is moving swiftly to carry out President George W. Bush #39;s ambitious plan to return robots and humans to the moon and eventually to Mars.
Extremely Critical Winamp flaw p2pnet.net News:- Winamp has an extremely critical security hole that could be exploited by hackers to compromise a user #39;s system.
Arsenal matches record of 42 league games without a loss Defending champion Arsenal matched a 25-year-old record of 42 league games without a loss in the top tier of English soccer by rallying past Middlesbrough 5-3 Sunday.
Britain #39;s inflation rate falls in August Britain #39;s inflation rate fell in August further below its 2.0 percent government-set upper limit target with clothing and footwear prices actually falling, official data showed on Tuesday.
Officials Rap Kerik on Background Check (AP) AP - Bernard Kerik, who withdrew his nomination for homeland security secretary after disclosing that he had not paid all required taxes for a nanny, did not fill out a background form when he was appointed police commissioner in 2000, city officials said.
Manning, Colts air out Packers INDIANAPOLIS -- Peyton Manning and Brett Favre threw nine touchdown passes between them and weren't even the heroes.
UPDATE 1-Tuncay hat-trick sinks Manchester United Tuncay Sanli scored a classy second-half hat-trick to earn Fenerbahce a 3-0 win over a depleted Manchester United team in their final Champions League Group D match on Wednesday.
Amphibians face mass extinction threat About one third of amphibians are under threat of extinction in a new sign of the world #39;s deteriorating environment, according to researchers who carried out a global census.
NY Times Cuts '04 Profit Targets  NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Times Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=NYT.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;NYT.N&lt;/A&gt; on Monday  forecast third-quarter and full-year earnings below Wall  Street's average estimates, citing lower-than-expected revenue  so far in September.
Gmail Users Soon Able to Check E-Mail Via Outlook  SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Web search leader Google Inc.  said on Wednesday it will soon make it possible for users of  its Gmail service to check their e-mail via Microsoft Outlook  or on certain handheld devices such as mobile phones.
CA Overhauls Key Storage Management Line Computer Associates (Quote, Chart) has completed a major overhaul of its storage management software, updating and packaging its products into one  quot;integrated, intelligent quot; line.
Panic Strikes Haiti's Storm Survivors U.N. troops fired smoke grenades Friday as crowds tried to break into a food distribution site, demonstrating growing desperation at the slow pace of relief since Tropical Storm Jeanne.
Ex-NASA Worker Charged for Faking Exams ORLANDO, Fla. Oct. 8, 2004 - A former NASA safety inspector accused of falsifying examinations of crucial parts on the space shuttle Discovery pleaded not guilty Friday in federal court, and his attorney called him  quot;meticulous in his work.
Putnam cuts deal with big investor In an unusual deal with the nation's most powerful public pension fund, Putnam Investments yesterday pledged new disclosures and other protections intended to win back the trust -- and business -- of investors who fled the beleaguered firm after its market-timing fraud case last year.
Northwest Pilots The elected union representatives of Northwest Airlines pilots have voted unanimously to endorse concessions sought by the airline.
Women Voters Declines San Diego Appeal (AP) AP - The League of Women Voters of San Diego said Tuesday that it will not appeal a judge's ruling in the city's mayoral election, dealing another setback to Councilwoman Donna Frye's write-in bid.
US Stock-Index Futures Decline; Citigroup, GE Slip in Europe US stock-index futures declined. Dow Jones Industrial Average shares including General Electric Co. slipped in Europe. Citigroup Inc.
American League Game Summary - New York at Toronto Hudson #39;s homer was 10th of the season...The Blue Jays are 31-32 as the host this season, while the Yankees are 36-30 as the visitor...Toronto starter David Bush worked the first 5 2/3 innings, allowing three runs on seven hits.
3 Directors at Cox to Study Bid by Parent to Take Unit Private ox Communications, the nation #39;s third-largest cable television operator, has formed a committee to consider the \$7.9 billion bid by its parent, Cox Enterprises, to take the company private. 
Phelps' Trial Set 19-year-old Olympic swimming champion Michael Phelps' drunken driving trial is set for Dec. 29.
Layoffs at Fleet THE LAYOFFS at Fleet seem to be a microcosm of the economy as a whole. Good, higher-paying, full-time jobs, presumably with benefits, are replaced by lower-paying, part-time jobs that may not have the same health care plans. 
US soldier jailed for murdering Iraqi teen A US soldier has been sentenced to three years in prison for killing a severely wounded Iraqi teenager, the US military said today.
Diouf charged by FA with improper conduct Bolton striker El Hadji Diouf has been charged with improper conduct following an incident in Saturday #39;s Premier League match against Portsmouth, the Football Association (FA) said on Monday.
Bombs explode at Bueno Aires banks BUENOS AIRES - Two homemade bombs have exploded at two banks in Buenos Aires, killing a security guard. The explosions occurred near ATM machines in branches belonging to Citibank and Banco Galicia, shattering windows and the building facades.
Stir Crazy (Forbes.com) Forbes.com - On a cold November morning in Brooklyn Edward Hamann, a buyer for Barnes  amp; Noble, drops to one knee and cautiously cuts a green chili with a 300-year-old Bengalese fish slicer. The device is an upright sheet of hammered iron in the silhouette of a swan, its neck a vertical sword. "Too fast!" warns Julie Sahni, the raven-haired Indian chef who is teaching this master class. "Indians do everything by hand, so you're going to need all your fingers." Her three students laugh nervously.
US Forces Kill 22 Afghan Insurgents KABUL, Afghanistan Sept. 13, 2004 - US forces backed by helicopter gunships killed 22 insurgents, including several Arabs, in southern Afghanistan, the US military said Monday.
Pop stars gather for re-recording of Christmas hit 20 years later (AFP) AFP - British pop music stars gathered at a studio in north London on Sunday for a re-recording of  quot;Do they Know its Christmas, quot; the hit song that raised money for famine-hit people in Ethiopia 20 years ago.
FIFA investigates racist heckling at soccer games TONY EASTLEY: There #39;s a debate raging within the world of international soccer following last week #39;s racist heckling by Spanish fans of black players in the English team.
Coulthard tries to sell himself to Williams With a faint air of desperation, David Coulthard has told Williams that he is the best man to be Mark Webbers team-mate in 2005.
Iran Readies Uranium for Enrichment, UN Watching  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran said on Wednesday it had processed  several tons of raw "yellowcake" uranium to prepare it for  enrichment -- a process that can be used to make atomic weapons  -- in defiance of the U.N. nuclear watchdog.
Strategy for partnership With the European Unions (EU) expansion to 25 countries, it now accounts for 28 of world GDP and a market of 450 million. That closer commercial relationships with EU are desirable is obvious.
Sony Ericsson Profit Rises 45 on Camera Phone Demand (Update2) Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications Ltd., the mobile-phone venture owned by Sony Corp. and Ericsson AB, said third-quarter profit rose 45 percent on camera phone demand and forecast this quarter will be its strongest.
Busch Picks Up Honors at NASCAR Awards (AP) AP - Kurt Busch's busy week of celebration was capped Friday night with his acceptance of NASCAR's Nextel Cup championship trophy.
With Each Technology Advance, a Scourge Internet advertisers face a new enemy: people who click on ads with no intention of buying.
AGs, artists urge top court to hear P2P case com November 8, 2004, 5:08 PM PT. This priority retains its ranking at number five as more and more companies deploy Web services to share business logic, data and processes with each other and with clients.
Time Warner And Comcast Discuss Bid for Adelphia Comcast said it was in talks with Time Warner to make a joint bid for Adelphia, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection.
Car bombs, US raids kill 21 in Baghdad BAGHDAD - The Iraqi capital was engulfed in violence yesterday as 21 people were killed and more than 100 wounded from two car bomb attacks and from United States-led offensives on Shi #39;ite and Sunni rebel pockets in the city.
Judgment at Hand in Landmark Berlusconi Trial (Reuters) Reuters - Judges in the corruption trial of Prime\Minister Silvio Berlusconi withdrew on Thursday to decide their\verdict, which could hobble the Italian leader's political\future.
Red Cross Warns of Fallujah Risks The organization said that since a U.S. assault last month, sewage was flowing in the streets and hundreds of bodies apparently lay in a warehouse.
Intelligence Changes Stymied by Turf Wars (AP) AP - Congress is giving itself a month to come up with legislation restructuring the nation's intelligence apparatus, but Republican leaders acknowledge the goal may fall victim to turf disputes and lawmakers' focus on getting themselves re-elected Nov. 2.
Powell Says US Can #39;t Hunt Iran Nukes in Caves Secretary of State Colin Powell said on Friday that Washington had no way to force Iran to allow UN inspectors unrestricted access to suspected nuclear sites despite US doubts Tehran would come clean on its own.
It #39;s showtime for these Sox  quot;It #39;s going to be a circus, anyway you look at it, quot; said Boston #39;s Kevin Millar. There are no three rings, elephants or clowns escaping tiny cars.
Gunshots echo in Indian-controlled Kashmir Gunshots echoed in the heart of Srinagar, the summer capital of Indian-controlled Kashmir Wednesday morning, just a few hours before Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh arrives.
Intel puts Windows and Linux on even keel Intel has released a Quick Start Kit for Linux in Asia, giving a leg-up to system builders offering Linux-based desktop PCs. The kit is similar to those that Intel produces for Windows, said an Intel spokesman.
Porn site reports net Chinese reward CHINA #39;S police ministry has handed out rewards of up to 2000 yaun (\$330) to people who reported pornographic web sites. Some 445 people have been arrested and 1,125 web sites shut down with the help of public 
Samarra Victory Encourages Iraqi Forces SAMARRA, Iraq - Bloodied by weeks of suicide bombings and assassinations, Iraqi security forces emerged Sunday to patrol Samarra after a morale-boosting victory in this Sunni Triangle city, and U.S. commanders praised their performance...
Blasts Kill Five in Baghdad's Green Zone BAGHDAD, Iraq - Insurgents penetrated Baghdad's heavily fortified Green Zone and set off bombs at a market and a popular cafe Thursday, killing five people, including three Americans, the U.S. military said, in a bold attack on the compound housing the U.S...
Merck stock plummets on drug news The share price of US drugs giant Merck falls to an eight-year low after it announces that it has been forced to withdraw a key drug on side effect fears.
Oracle wins PeopleSoft battle, but war not at end Oracle won a key legal victory in its quest to buy PeopleSoft last week, but the grueling war for control of its software rival is far from over, industry analysts say.
Offense to Begin Anew Ravens offensive coordinator Matt Cavanaugh will not return for the 2005 season after meeting with Coach Brian Billick on Monday.
George Solomon In a career that spanned 75 years of writing for The Washington Post, the late columnist Shirley Povich covered some of the most memorable sporting events of the century.
Scientists 'find key to hearing' A protein deep in the ear is essential for normal hearing and could help develop treatments for deafness, researchers believe.
Rumors of a Death Stories that Kim Jong Il's favorite companion has passed away leads to speculation on North Korea's line of succession
Marathon intruder Horan held in Athens The Irishman who was arrested after obstructing Brazilian athlete Vanderlei de Lima in the men #39;s Olympic marathon will be brought to the general district attorney #39;s office in Athens today.
Iran Vows to Continue Enriching Uranium (AP) AP - Iran vowed anew to continue enriching uranium, dealing a potential setback to a European plan to ease the nuclear standoff with Tehran by offering sales of nuclear fuel and a trade deal as incentives.
Eagles' Westbrook Questionable Vs. the Ravens  PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Philadelphia Eagles running  back Brian Westbrook is listed as questionable for Sunday's  game against Baltimore because of a rib fracture.
New Orleans Saints Aaron Brooks threw a 16-yard touchdown pass to Donte #39; Stallworth with 61 seconds remaining as the New Orleans Saints escaped with a 30-27 victory over the San Francisco 49ers.
New Technology Powers Fuel Cells Smaller, cheaper, more robust notebook fuel cells could be available in 2006. 
Take us to Mars, Beagle team says The team behind the lost Beagle 2 lander has outlined plans for a third generation craft, Beagle 2: Evolution, that could yet go to Mars.
Heinz Squeezes Out Results Heinz (NYSE: HNZ) is probably one of the most efficiently run public companies and continues to  quot;remove clutter quot; and  quot;squeeze out cost quot; to improve cash management and balance sheet performance.
Thousands Left Homeless by Storm Face Housing Shortage Disaster relief agencies in Florida are beginning to confront one of their most difficult problems: finding long-term housing for thousands of displaced residents.
Birgit Fischer wins second medal in kayak Birgit Fischer settled for silver, leaving the 42-year-old Olympian with two medals in two days against decidedly younger competition.
Pizza king snaps up life fund in record 1bn deal HUGH OSMOND, the pizza and pub entrepreneur, last night snapped up the closed life fund of HHG, formerly part of Australias AMP, for 1.025 billion.
Oil majors cannot spurn Yukos morsels LIKE beetles scurrying for cover after a stone is lifted, the oil companies of the West feigned disinterest yesterday in the \$8 billion (4.3 billion) fire 
Titans Lead Packers 34-13 After Three (AP) AP - Chris Brown had touchdown runs of 37 and 29 yards and the Tennessee Titans stormed to a 34-13 lead over the stumbling Green Bay Packers after three quarters on Monday night.
Deutsche Bank, Thomas Weisel Join Research Settlement Deutsche Bank (DB:NYSE - news - research) and Thomas Weisel Partners, two holdouts from last year #39;s so-called global settlement involving tainted Wall Street research, have finally reached their own deals with regulators.
Charges over Montenegro killing Montenegro prosecutors charge a former karate champion over the death of a newspaper editor.
Desktop Linux a vehicle for pirating Windows PCs running Linux are growing in popularity in part because they can be loaded with a pirated copy of Windows, according to a study from analyst Gartner.
Haitian Death Toll From Storm Nears 2,000 (AP) AP - The death toll from floods unleashed by Tropical Storm Jeanne rose sharply to nearly 2,000 people, with many still missing, as officials said they found hundreds more bodies in Haiti's devastated northwestern region.
Barbados, East Caribbean Brace for Hurricane Ivan  BRIDGETOWN, Barbados (Reuters) - Stores and schools closed,  radio stations broadcast warnings and Barbadians readied their  homes as Hurricane Ivan charged across the Atlantic on Monday  toward Barbados and the Caribbean's eastern islands.
SEC subpeonas Delphi over EDS payments Automotive parts supplier Delphi Corp. (NYSE: DPH) received a subpoena from the US Securities and Exchange Commission in late July in connection with agreements with Electronic Data Systems Corp.
Canada, US tie 1-1 at Four Nations Cup international women #39;s &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; BURLINGTON, Vt. (CP) - Goaltender Charline Labonte was looking for her first victory against the United States, but she had to be happy with her 33-save performance in a 1-1 tie at the Four Nations Cup women #39;s hockey tournament Thursday.
Ask Jeeves Planning to Outshine Google Hoping to emerge from the shadow of its more popular rivals, Ask Jeeves Inc. (ASKJ) is adding new tools for visitors to save and organize links to Web pages they find through the company's online search engine.
Putin Says Russia Working on New Nuclear Systems  MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia is working on new nuclear missile  systems that other powers do not have in order to protect  itself against future security threats, President Vladimir  Putin said Wednesday.
Nazi murder trial opens An 86-year-old Nazi war crimes suspect charged with the killings of 164 Slovak villagers during World War II denied as his trial opened Thursday that he was involved in the shootings of women or children.
Crippled sub towed toward safety A crippled Canadian submarine was late Thursday being towed toward Scotland after two days spent adrift near Ireland without power following a fatal fire, an Irish captain participating in the rescue said.
Manning Gets Early Go-Ahead to Start Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on the Carolina Panthers.
Historic flight will take off from Salina A two-mile runway, favorable weather and a central location make Salina the best place for the Global-Flyer #39;s early January record attempt, participants say.
Garcia and Poulter in play-off Ryder Cup team-mates Sergio Garcia and Ian Poulter went into a play-off for the Volvo Masters at Valderrama today after a tie on the seven-under-par mark of 277.
Qwest to pay \$250m settlement Qwest, the US telecoms company founded by Millennium Dome entrepreneur Philip Anschutz, will pay \$250m (140m) to settle civil fraud charges, according to a union official briefed on the pact.
Euro soars as ECB chief defends rate THE dollar tumbled to new lows against the euro yesterday as markets brushed aside an upgrade to US growth and a fresh warning from the European Central Banks President 
Virginia Tech Seeks Luster Against USC (AP) AP - Three straight late-season stumbles have taken the luster off Virginia Tech. Now the Hokies are looking to get it back, and there's no better way to do that than to knock off No. 1 Southern California.
U.S. Warplanes Bomb Najaf's Old City NAJAF, Iraq - U.S. warplanes bombed Najaf's Old City and gunfire rattled on Sunday amid fears a plan to end the standoff with radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr could collapse...
AOL Packaging New Security Features (AP) AP - America Online Inc. is packaging new features to combat viruses, spam and spyware in response to growing online security threats.
Update 3: Tokyo Stocks Decline in Midday Trading Tokyo #39;s key stock index edged lower Tuesday morning as investors took profits from hefty gains the day before. The dollar was up against the Japanese yen.
Samsung develops ultra-fast Flash memory for mobiles Samsung Electronics has developed ultra-fast 1Gb OneNand Flash memory designed for next-generation mobile phones which it claims boasts a fourfold read speed increase over conventional Nand Flash performance.
Toyota is outbid for land But state says developer won #39;t necessarily get site Toyota has been outbid by a land developer for state-owned property in York Township, but officials say this is one deal that will be decided by more than money. 
Russia, India vow to fight terror (AFP) AFP - Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov pledged that his country would cooperate with India in the fight against global terrorism.
Illinois' Randle Out Up to 10 Weeks (AP) AP - Illinois forward Brian Randle is expected to miss six to 10 weeks with a broken hand, an injury caused when he punched a padded wall after becoming frustrated during a scrimmage.
Q amp;A on Cingular-AT amp;T merger A: Combining the two companies #39; networks should result in clearer calls, fewer dropped calls during peak hours and broader availability of coverage.
EarthLink #39;s Calling EarthLink (Nasdaq: ELNK) is the latest company to bridge the Internet and the telephone. It #39;s offering Voice over Internet Protocol (or VoIP) service for free to its customers, as it announced in a press release today.
Brave New World? Next Steps Planned for Private Space Travel MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA -- While SpaceShipOnes wispy contrail from sky to space quickly vanished into the thin desert air here, Mondays flight at Mojave Spaceport left a solid line in the sand -- to create a  quot;new space age quot; of personal space travel.
Google To Scan, Index Four Great Libraries MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Google is trying to create an online reading room for five major libraries by scanning stacks of hard-to-find books into its Internet search engine.
Fratello is Grizzlies' coach Mike Fratello was hired as coach of the Memphis Grizzlies yesterday, leaving the TV booth and replacing friend and mentor Hubie Brown, who retired last week for health reasons.
New Sober Worm on the Loose (Ziff Davis) Ziff Davis - A new version of the Sober worm is having quite a bit of success infecting users in Europe through the use of social engineering.
US existing home sales surge 3.1 percent in September Existing home sales in the Unites States surged 3.1 percent in September to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 6.75 million units, the third highest level on record, the 
Indonesia needs to formulate country policy for WTO: Khor The World Trade Organization (WTO) general council agreed, early this month in Geneva, on the  quot;July Package quot; that set a framework for the Doha Round, which had been in trouble since the collapse of the ministerial meeting in Cancun, Mexico about a year ago 
Queen #39;s visit stirs Anglo-German past The queen, hoping to further reconciliation between Britain and Germany, has urged the two former World War Two foes to learn from history but not be obsessed by the past and to reject national stereotypes.
Top officials to assess preparations A delegation of top Olympic officials arrived in Beijing on Wednesday with a clear message for its hosts: Preparation is the key to successfully hosting the 2008 Games.
Rice Back at Work After Streak Ends (AP) AP - Jerry Rice returned to the practice field Monday and showed the Raiders the same old-fashioned work ethic that has defined his stellar career, a day after his record receptions streak ended.
Fidelity National to Acquire InterCept Fidelity National Financial Inc. said Thursday that it agreed to acquire InterCept Inc., a provider of technology services to banks, in a deal valued at about \$400 million.
Playstation Supplies  #39;Tight #39;, Admits Sony Sony was forced to admit today that availability of its PlayStation 2 (PS2) games console in UK shops would be tight before Christmas.
UN: Most Terror Attacks Cost Under \$50G The al-Qaida (website - news) terror network spent less than \$50,000 on each of its major attacks except the Sept. 11 suicide hijackings and one of its hallmarks is using readily available 
China raises domestic fuel prices China is planning to raise domestic petrol and diesel retail prices by about 6 as crude oil prices stay near record highs.
Five Former Natural Gas Traders Charged  HOUSTON (Reuters) - Federal prosecutors on Monday charged  five former natural gas traders with reporting fake prices to  industry publications in a bid to manipulate commodity prices.
Nortel makes security push Nortel Networks is pushing its security features to the forefront with a series of updated products and a new relationship with security vendor Symantec.
Body Asymmetry Tied to Aggression Lashing out more common if one ear or finger is larger    HealthDayNews -- If one of your ears is bigger than the other, it may be a sign you're more likely to be aggressive when you get angry.    So say Ohio State University researchers, who found that the greater the asymmetry between certain body parts -- for example, if one foot, index finger, or ear is bigger than the other -- the more likely a person will show signs of aggression when provoked...
The Ambanis: brothers at arm #39;s length? MUMBAI / NEW DELHI: On the face of it, the Ambani brothers, scions of the founding family of the countrys largest private-sector conglomerate, Reliance, are as different as the various businesses that make up the group.
Souness gets one-match ban for improper conduct Newcastle United manager Graeme Souness has received a one-match touchline ban for imporper conduct, the Football Association (FA) said on Monday.
Benitez Wont Blame Dudek Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez was loyal to goalkeeper Jerky Dudek, refusing to blame his goalkeeper for the fumbled cross that enabled Portsmouth to snatch a last-gasp equaliser through Lomana LuaLuas header at Anfield on Tuesday night.
LeFors keeps Cardinals rolling LOUISVILLE, Ky.  Stefan LeFors threw three touchdown passes Wednesday night as No. 12 Louisville rolled to a 55-28 victory over TCU.
Tennis: Paradorn sets up Henman clash in Paris PARIS : Thailand #39;s Paradorn Srichaphan set up a Paris Masters second round showdown with defending champion Tim Henman after beating Argentina #39;s Mariano Zabaleta 7-6 (7/3), 6-4 in his opening match.
EU set to clear Oracle #39;s \$8 bn bid for PeopleSoft The European Commission is set to clear the \$7.7 billion hostile takeover bid by Oracle for rival software group PeopleSoft in a move that is likely to pave the way for the creation of a new US software giant.
Roethlisberger, Vilma See Early Successes (AP) AP - Rookie quarterbacks don't have immediate success in the NFL. Neither do first-year middle linebackers. The positions simply are too complicated and too critical, and coaches won't trust them to the novice.
A Low-Key Migration (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Change is coming for AT T Wireless's 21.7 million customers -- although they wouldn't know it from watching the company's commercials or shopping in its stores.
Stocks Up Ahead of 3Q Earnings Reports Stocks rose modestly in light holiday trading Monday as investors awaited the impending tide of third-quarter profit reports, hopeful the news would override worries about record oil prices and a sputtering recovery.
Ameritrade Posts November Client Trades Ameritrade Holding Corp., a provider of brokerage services for individual investors, said Friday that daily average client trades in November reached 183,000, with 29,000 new accounts opened during the month.
Indian bandit 'killed by police' Indian police say they have shot dead one of the country's most wanted men, the bandit Veerappan.
Dolphins plan to interview minority candidate; Saban still top &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Miami Dolphins will put their courtship of LSU coach Nick Saban on hold to comply with the NFL #39;s hiring policy by interviewing a minority candidate, a team source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Liberty Beats Sun 69-66 to Reach Playoffs (AP) AP - Crystal Robinson scored a season-high 22 points and paced a 12-0 run that helped the New York Liberty gain a playoff berth in the WNBA with a 69-66 victory Friday night over the Connecticut Sun.
Japan Stocks Firm by Midday After Intel  TOKYO (Reuters) - The Nikkei average rose 0.55 percent by  midsession on Wednesday as some techs including Advantest Corp.  gained ground after Wall Street reacted positively to results  from Intel Corp. released after the U.S. market close.
Russian Move Clears Way to Bring Kyoto Into Force (Reuters) Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.
Dog Medicine Is Recalled at Request of F.D.A. A time-released medication used to prevent heartworm in millions of dogs was recalled after thousands of dogs suffered adverse reactions.
SpaceShipOne to proceed with second flight for X Prize Los Angeles The creators of SpaceShipOne are going for the ten (m) million-dollar prize. Despite an unexpected roll during its flight on Wednesday, designer Burt Rutan (ruh-TAN #39;) has given notice that he will 
Brazil and UN Try to Solve Nuke Impasse &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Andrei Khalip&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; RIO DE JANEIRO, Brazil (Reuters) - The United Nations andBrazil moved on Monday to break a months-long deadlock overinspections to verify Latin America's largest nation is notdiverting enriched uranium for weapons.&lt;/p&gt;
Report: Japan May Sanction Citibank  TOKYO (Reuters) - Japan's financial regulators may suspend  or even end some private banking operations at the Japanese  commercial banking unit of U.S. financial services firm  Citigroup Inc., the Nihon Keizai newspaper said on Thursday.
No Need for OPEC to Pump More-Iran Gov  TEHRAN (Reuters) - OPEC can do nothing to douse scorching  oil prices when markets are already oversupplied by 2.8 million  barrels per day (bpd) of crude, Iran's OPEC governor said  Saturday, warning that prices could fall sharply.
Giambi calls strain  #39;nothing serious #39; New York Yankees: First baseman Jason Giambi continued his upper body workout and ran in an indoor pool Wednesday, one day after mildly straining his groin. 
MLB: Atlanta 2, New York Mets 0 John Thomson threw shutout ball for seven innings Wednesday night in carrying Atlanta to a 2-0 blanking of the New York Mets. New York lost for the 21st time in 25 games on the 
Golf Roundup Han leads by two in Wendy #39;s tourney Han, the 2003 champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round yesterday to take a two-shot lead. Han had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208.
Sprint buys Breeders Cup sponsor Nextel for \$35-billion Sprint Corp. is to acquire Nextel Communications Inc., title sponsor of the Breeders Cup Distaff (G1), in a \$35-billion deal that will create the nations third-largest wireless telephone service provider 
NBC's Five-Ring Circus If Roone Arledge invented the modern TV Olympics, Dick Ebersol has imploded it. Everyone wants to watch the Olympics, but they're just too unwatchable -- too much, too fragmented, too staged, too jingoistic, too hyped, too commercialized, too long, too &lt;em&gt;everything&lt;/em&gt;. The Olympics no longer feel Olympian. They feel like a sweeps-week sports reality show.
Siebel to acquire edocs for \$115 million Siebel Systems has agreed to acquire edocs, a maker of e-billing and customer self-service applications, for \$115 million, Siebel said Friday.
Yahoo, SBC Expand Internet Deal to Video, Wireless (Reuters) Reuters - Yahoo Inc.  and SBC\Communications Inc.  have expanded an alliance to link\Internet, video, wireless and home networking services, the\companies said on Thursday.
Efforts underway to hold Korean crisis talks: US (AFP) AFP - Diplomatic efforts are underway to hold a preparatory meeting for the six-party talks aimed at ending the nuclear crisis in the Korean peninsula, the US State Department said.
The Soft Underbelly of Software Deals It #39;s been a heck of a week for the software industry. First there was Oracle #39;s Dec. 13 long-sought-after deal to acquire rival PeopleSoft (PSFT ) for \$10.3 billion.
Average techie starting salaries to remain stable IT professionals can expect a moderate increase in starting salary, a staffing firm says.
Whisky distiller put up for sale The company that makes the UK's best-selling malt whisky is being put up for sale by its family owners.
N.H.L. Players Propose a 24 Percent Solution Seeking to end the lockout, the N.H.L. Players Association on Thursday offered an immediate pay reduction of 24 percent and other concessions to the league.
Zen Micro to Take on iPod Mini The player lets the listener choose MP3 or WMA music, ripped from CDs or downloaded from online music sites. The Zen Micro provides intuitive vertical scrolling to allow users to move through easy-to-use menus 
Bobby Fischer hangs on in Japan Bobby Fischer remains in Japan Tuesday night thanks to a last-minute appeal by his lawyers against a deportation order issued just hours earlier.
China Cracks Down on I-Cafes China has closed 1,600 internet cafes and fined operators a total of \$12 million for letting children play violent games and for other violations, the government said.
S Thailand hit by fresh violence Thailand troubled south remains tense after a series of violent incidents left at least seven people dead. The killings came a week after 85 Muslims were killed when a protest turned violent, many of them suffocated while in police custody.
TXU to Take Eight Power Plants Offline Energy company TXU Corp. on Friday said it plans to mothball eight natural gas-fired power plants representing a quarter of its Texas capacity in an effort to save about \$20 million in annual expenses.
EU Says US Can #39;t Cancel Pact on Boeing, Airbus Aid (Update2) The European Union rejected the unilateral termination #39; #39; by the US of a 1992 accord that sets limits on government subsidies for Boeing Co.
Cracking start to quest, but no sign of Holy Grail TWO veteran code-breakers from Yorkshire have received a worldwide response to their request for solutions to an enigmatic message on a monument in Staffordshire reputed to say where the Holy Grail is hidden.
Clijsters and Hewitt call off engagement The 21-year-old Belgian former world No 1 announced the split on her website but did not divulge any further details about the break-up of her long-term relationship with the 23 
Delta Air Lines averts bankruptcy with pilot deal, faces more &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; NEW YORK (AFP) - Delta Air Lines appeared to have averted imminent bankruptcy with a cost-saving deal with its pilots union, but still faces challenges ahead, analysts said.
Jack in the Box Profit Surges 32 Percent SAN DIEGO - Jack in the Box Inc. on Wednesday said profit for its latest quarter soared 32 percent as sales rose sharply, operating margins improved and the tax rate sank.
Schilling set for operation: Expected back in February Two days before results of the 2004 American League Cy Young Award balloting are to be announced, Red Sox stats, schedule right-hander Curt Schilling stats, news 
Petacchi wins fourth stage TOP sprinter Alessandro Petacchi, of the Fassa Bortolo team, won the fourth stage of the Tour of Spain, a 167.5km ride from Soria to Zaragoza in the north of the country today.
Technology Key to RNC's Protective Net The Republican National Convention kicks off on Monday in the Big Apple and while politics is the main focus, technology will play an important role in securing the event. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Pension hit adds to woes at Severn Severn Trent said last night it was still investigating alleged wrongdoing by its staff as it reported a 6.5 slump in first-half profits and predicted lower second-half growth from its services side.
Gates in Silicon Valley Bill Gates made three public appearances during a trip to California late last week. Some of the more interesting moments, as captured in the media coverage: San Francisco Chronicle:  quot;Gates took questions 
Victorious Vaughan on the right path to glory Michael Vaughan has endured a lean time in one-day cricket but show him an Australian cricketer and he is a man transformed. Yesterday, at Edgbaston, he excelled as batsman, bowler 
Pitcairn OAP on rape charge A 78-YEAR-OLD man has been accused of twice raping a woman more than 30 years ago, amid an alleged culture of sex attacks on the tiny island of Pitcairn.
* CBK welcomes Norway #39;s role, accuses LTTE of  #39;indecision #39; Sept 17, Colombo: While welcoming Norway #39;s role in the peace process, President Chandrika Kumaratunga accused the LTTE of  #39;indecision over commencement of talks.
United Says More Job Cuts Necessary CHICAGO -- United Airlines said Wednesday that it needs to cut more jobs as it works on climbing out of bankruptcy. But the nation #39;s No.
British Airways Hikes Ticket Prices on Oil British Airways announced Friday that it was increasing its fuel surcharge on both short-haul and long-haul flight tickets because of rising oil prices.
Beshir accuses US of supporting Darfur rebels CAIRO - Sudanese President Omar el-Beshir has accused the United States of backing rebels  quot;to the hilt quot; in the country #39;s war-torn Darfur region and said the crisis there has been blown out of all proportion.
iPod: How Long Will It Reign? You don #39;t have to look around for long to see that Apple #39;s (AAPL ; S amp;P investment rank, 3 STARS, hold; recent price, \$67.21) iPod digital music player has made waves in pop culture.
China Appeals to N. Korea for Nuke Talks (AP) AP - China appealed to North Korea on Tuesday to join working meetings before a new round of six-party talks on dismantling its nuclear program, despite the North's declaration that it saw no point in attending.
Feds seize Indymedia servers The FBI yesterday seized a pair of UK servers used by Indymedia, the independent newsgathering collective, after serving a subpoena in the US on Indymedia #39;s hosting firm, Rackspace.
Late strike spoils Christmas party for Liverpool AN EQUALISER in injury time by Portsmouth #39;s Lomana LuaLua against Liverpool at Anfield yesterday will hamper the home side #39;s attempts to make ground on the leading English Premier League soccer rivals during the Christmas program.
Karzai Rival Lacks Charisma, but Mujahedeen Back Him He is short, bespectacled and lacks charisma, yet Yunus Qanooni, 47, until July the education minister, is the most formidable rival to President Hamid Karzai 
Suspected terrorist released in UK London, Sept 21 (Guardian News Service): One of the 13 detainees interned in Britain for nearly three years as suspected international terrorists was released yesterday from ahigh security prison 
Egyptian Officials Arrive in West Bank (AP) AP - Two top Egyptian officials arrived in the West Bank on Monday for talks with Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat on Israel's planned withdrawal from the Gaza Strip.
Intel stock tumbles 7 after lowered outlook SAN FRANCISCO - Intel Corp. #39;s shares fell more than 7 percent yesterday, a day after the computer chip giant #39;s management lowered the company #39;s financial projections after concluding businesses and consumers aren #39;t in a spending mood.
Japan Vows to Stay in Iraq After Hostage Beheaded A Japanese hostage has been beheaded in Iraq, Japanese officials said on Sunday, but Tokyo vowed it would keep its troops in the country on their reconstruction mission.
Firefox, Google and Web Search Mozilla Firefox has Google, Yahoo and other search tools baked in, but they are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to search capabilities available with this innovative new web browser that launched its first official version today.
Blair's 'Freebie' Summer Holidays Irk Britons  LONDON (Reuters) - Two continents. Three luxury mansions  courtesy of friends. Endless sun and sea. And a front-row seat  for the Olympics to boot.
Stelmar Founder Haji-Ioannou Rejects \$667 Mln Sale to Fortress Stelios Haji-Ioannou, chairman of EasyJet Plc, said he rejected a \$677 million agreement to sell Stelmar Shipping Ltd. because the offer doesn #39;t reflect recent gains in the value of the oil tanker business he founded in 1992.
N. Irish Peace Talks End Without Breakthrough  LEEDS CASTLE, England (Reuters) - Talks aimed at reviving  home rule in Northern Ireland and disbanding IRA guerrillas  ended on Saturday without a final deal, British and Irish Prime  Ministers Tony Blair and Bertie Ahern said.
Is portable video ready for its closeup? A few years ago, when MP3 players were establishing themselves as the hot cool thing, the next step seemed clear: What if you could take along not only music but movies, television programs 
Eriksson warns Owen over England place England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says striker Michael Owen must prove in training next week that he deserves to face Wales in a World Cup qualifier -- or risk losing his place.
Struggling auto parts maker offering buyouts to salaried employees Struggling automotive supplier Visteon Corp. told its 8,300 white-collar workers that it plans to offer buyouts to a  quot;significant quot; number of employees by year #39;s end.
Columnists: Academia Headaches Academic institutions who have to add, manage, and secure thousands of new users within a period of just a few days face political and social issues on top of the immense technical ones.
Microsoft Changes Sender ID, AOL Back On Board Microsoft resurrected its anti-spam Sender ID proposal Monday by making changes to appease some critics, and immediately won over one of its biggest detractors: American Online.
Young French woman murdered in London park LONDON, Aug 21 (AFP) - A young Frenchwoman has been bludgeoned to death with a blunt instrument in a park on the outskirts of London and police do not rule out that she was the victim of an unknown serial killer, they said Saturday.
Enter a Category By genetically enhancing these brain proteins in mice, Henry Lester and colleagues at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena created a mouse that was far more sensitive to nicotine, the addictive substance in tobacco.
Will September Be Good for Stocks? NEW YORK - Wall Street professionals know to keep their expectations in check in September, historically the worst month of the year for stocks. As summertime draws to a close, money managers are getting back to business, cleaning house, and often sending the market lower in the process...
Researcher Warns Male Laptop Users of Infertility Risk (PC World) PC World - Heat generated by notebook use may harm reproductive health, study says.
Saudi Arabia bans tinted car windows Saudi Arabia banned tinted car windows on Sunday in a move aimed at preventing militants escaping detection on the kingdom #39;s roads.
Cassini spacecraft images of Saturn #39;s moon befuddling After staying up much of the night analyzing the first close-up images of Titan #39;s smog-shrouded surface, groggy scientists acknowledged yesterday that they were befuddled 
Ohio State fans react to Clarett #39;s accusations com. The most storied Buckeye football player in recent memory -- some say for the wrong reasons -- Maurice Clarett has lashed out against Ohio State, claiming he was a 
Samarra sees repeated attacks, British defense minister visits &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Insurgents launched a string of assaults around the city of Samarra on Wednesday, trading gunfire with US forces, attacking a US convoy 
Dutch Shocked by Public Death Wish from Muslim  AMSTERDAM (Reuters) - Dutch leaders on Wednesday condemned  comments by a Muslim teacher who said he hoped for the death of  a popular politician, further stoking religious tension  prompted by the murder of a filmmaker critical of Islam.
Rams cut veteran Landeta The St. Louis Rams yesterday released punter Sean Landeta and signed Kevin Stemke to replace him. Landeta, 42, was one of only two former USFL players still in action in the NFL.
Leicester keeper set for Gunners recall Taylors one-month loan at the Walkers Stadium is set to end shortly and Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is keen to bring him back to Highbury to battle for the goalkeeping jersey with Jens Lehmann and Manuel Almunia.
Stocks Finish Strong On Election, Earnings Money flooded back into stocks this week as investors embraced a swift end to the presidential election, strong corporate earnings and good economic news.
MCI Offers to Pay Part of States' Claims  NEW YORK (Reuters) - MCI Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=MCIP.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;MCIP.O&lt;/A&gt; has offered to pay  states from 2 cents to 30 cents on the dollar to settle charges  it owes them as much as \$2 billion in back taxes, people  familiar with the matter said on Thursday.
Segway CEO scoots from company Ron Bills will take off next month, leaving Segway to find the fourth CEO in its short history.
Musharraf and Aziz finalise strategy for New Delhi talks Ahead of the crucial talks between the Foreign Ministers of India and Pakistan, President Pervez Musharraf and new Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Friday jointly finalised the strategy to be adopted at the New Delhi talks, emphasising that progress on all 
Richardson backs UC lab bid New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson is urging the University of California to stay in the competition to run three of the nation #39;s scientific laboratories.
Gascoigne quits Boston post Former England midfielder Paul Gascoigne announced Wednesday his resignation from Boston United as player-coach of the fourth division side.
U.S., Iraq Forces Sweep Through Samarra SAMARRA, Iraq - U.S. and Iraqi forces battled their way into the heart of this Sunni stronghold Friday and moved house to house in search of militants in what appeared to be the first major offensive to regain control of areas lost to insurgents before the January elections...
Nadal gets to play, Ferrero out SEVILLE: Mardy Fish will play Carlos Moya in todays opening singles of the Davis Cup final between Spain and the United States.
US House, Senate agree on corporate tax bill US Senate and House of Representatives negotiators agreed on Wednesday on a huge corporate tax bill that will repeal export subsidies that violate global trade rules and give manufacturers a new tax break.
Tommy Hilfiger Down 24 Pct on U.S. Probe (Reuters) Reuters - Shares of Tommy Hilfiger Corp. \fell 24 percent on Monday morning after the clothing maker said\a federal grand jury subpoenaed documents from its U.S. unit\regarding commissions paid to a subsidiary outside the United\States.
Oil Prices Drop from Two-Week Highs  LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices fell from two-week highs on  Thursday, as traders took profits from dramatic gains on  Wednesday driven by renewed fears over fuel supplies for the  northern winter.
Pacers Give Fans Something to Cheer About (AP) AP - The Indiana crowd jumped to its feet with a jubilant roar when Jamaal Tinsley scored off a steal by Fred Jones in the third quarter. After a long weekend of enduring the embarrassing fallout from their brawl in Detroit, the Pacers used a makeshift lineup and gave their fans plenty to cheer about.
Famous Blacks Get Out the Vote in Florida (AP) AP - Black actors including LeVar Burton and Alfre Woodard will join members of Congress crisscrossing Florida by bus this weekend to try to get out the vote for Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry.
Microsoft unveils Welsh software Welsh language campaigners welcome Microsoft's move to run Windows XP and Office 2003 in Welsh.
Colombia Looks to Build Drug Crime Museum (AP) AP - A sprawling hacienda once owned by Pablo Escobar, emblematic of the drug lord's excesses, may soon house a museum highlighting the evils of drug trafficking, a top Colombian official said.
Oil Down 3 Pct as U.S. Winter Stays Mild  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid 3 percent on Monday on  expectations that more mild U.S. weather at the start of the  New Year will limit heating oil demand.
McDonald takes one-shot lead over Els in Dunhill Championship Bruce McDonald of Zimbabwe shot a 6-under 66 Thursday to take a one-shot lead over South Africa #39;s Ernie Els at the PGA European Tour #39;s season-opening Dunhill Championship.
Rogers Wireless trumps rival with \$1B Microcell deal Canadian telecommunications provider Rogers Communications Inc. reported that its wireless subsidiary Rogers Wireless Communications Inc.
Crash tests of several automakers reveal poor anti-whiplash &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; The Institute for Highway Safety tested 73 cars, but only eight of them recieved an overall good rating. Most cars do a poor or marginal job protecting passengers from whiplash injuries in a rear-end crash, according to crash tests of several models.
Mission cleared for Titan plunge The Huygens probe is on target and all set for its encounter with Titan, the mysterious large moon of Saturn. The 2.7m-wide robot lab has passed its final systems check-out and scientists 
IBM signs seven-year deal with Lloyds TSB IBM Corp has signed a seven-year deal to manage the voice and data services of London, UK-based financial institution Lloyds TSB. The contract is estimated to be worth \$972.5 million.
NASA Official Sees Role in Space for Private Companies The head of the US space agency, NASA, says private enterprise will play an important role in space in the future. While visiting California, NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe watched the launch of the privately 
US Airways Files for Ch. 11 Bankruptcy  ALEXANDRIA, Va. (Reuters) - US Airways Group Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=UAIR.O target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;UAIR.O&lt;/A&gt;,  squeezed severely by low-cost rivals and soaring fuel prices  and failing in its drive for new labor concessions, filed for  bankruptcy protection on Sunday for the second time in two  years.
UN rights envoys urge probe into Burundi massacre GENEVA, Aug 18 (Reuters) - United Nations human rights investigators on Wednesday called on Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo to identify and hold accountable those behind the massacre of at least 160 Congolese Tutsi refugees. 
Cosatu calls on ANC to end spat Johannesburg - The Congress of SA Trade Unions (Cosatu) on Tuesday called on the African National Congress to organise an urgent meeting to discuss the tensions between the two organisations.
Space Shuttle Columbia Fragment Found in Texas LUFKIN, Texas (AP) -- A large piece of space shuttle Columbia debris was found recently in southeast Texas, a NASA official said.    The 6-foot-long piece of the crew compartment was discovered two weeks ago in Newton County by a wildlife biologist, sheriffs officials said...
Preparation underway for marriage of Japanese Princess Preparation for the marriage of Japanese Princess Sayako, the 35-year-old daughter of Emperor Akihito, and Yoshiki Kuroda, a Tokyo metropolitan government employee, started in 
US High Court Ruling A Win For Consumers NEW YORK - The US Supreme Court struck a blow for the free market and consumer choice. The Justices today denied an appeal by Visa and MasterCard that prevented most US financial institutions from doing business with competing networks such as Discover.
JOHNSON  amp; JOHNSON REPORTEDLY IN TALKS TO ACQUIRE GUIDANT Johnson  amp; Johnson is in advanced talks to acquire Guidant Corp. for more than \$24 billion, according to a New York Times report.
VMware Takes Virtual Machines Mobile VMware Inc., known for its virtual machine technology for servers and workstations, is turning its attention to the client space. The Palo Alto, Calif.
Engineer Builds Robot That Walks on Water PITTSBURGH - It could be called a mechanical miracle - a robot that walks on water. With inspiration from nature and some help from research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a research team led by Carnegie Mellon engineering assistant professor Metin Sitti has built a tiny robot that can walk on water, much like insects known as water skimmers, water skaters, pond skaters or Jesus bugs...
HSBC to Open D.C. Branch, Pursue Embassy Clients  HSBC Bank USA will open a D.C. branch by the end of November in a bid to replace Riggs Bank as the city's premier diplomatic bank.
MS, Apple pitch music at mobile phone makers &lt;strong&gt;Opinion&lt;/strong&gt; Deals with network operators make more sense
Oil giant in Russia is closer to collapse MOSCOW Yukos has moved closer to collapse after six of the Russian oil company #39;s top executives, including the American chief executive and the chief financial officer, fled the country, citing fear of persecution from the Kremlin.
Canadian ports are 'sieves' says Transport Minister Jean Lapierre (Canadian Press) Canadian Press - GATINEAU, Que. (CP) - Transport Minister Jean Lapierre described Canada's ports Friday as "sieves," adding the federal government must take measures to tighten security on the waterfront.  "It's clear that Canadian ports cannot remain sieves," he said during a speech to the Quebec Federation of Chambers of Commerce. "We have to tighten the screw." Asked later to clarify his comments, the minister said he was only quoting from a 2002 Senate report that criticized port security.
Canada beats US for gold, Sweden captures bronze in Four Nations &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Dana Antal scored a tiebreaking goal early in the third period and Canada held on for a 2-1 victory over the United State in the championship game of the Four Nations Cup international women #39;s hockey tournament.
Olympic notebook: Beach volleyball duo downs countrywomen ATHENS Misty May and Kerri Walsh, the worlds top-ranked team, made fellow Americans and rivals Holly McPeak and Elaine Youngs scramble for every point and pulled away for a 21-18, 21-15 victory.
Does Tsvangirai outcome suit Mugabe? On hearing the verdict there was a broad smile from Morgan Tsvangirai, applause from his supporters and tears of relief from his veteran attorney.
New iPod ads feature U2 (MacCentral) MacCentral - Apple has stepped up its marketing campaign for the dimunitive iPod MP3 player by featuring lendendary rockers U2 in the latest "silhouette" ad. Apple's popular silhouette ads usually feature music from up-and-coming bands like Jet playing as a someone dances on a multi-colored background.
Could Australia's Deadly Snakes Put Bite on Cancer? Eighty percent of Australia's snake species are venomous, making the continent a paradise for researchers seeking the next generation of miracle drugs for human diseases.
Hamas threatens to target Israelis abroad GAZA, Gaza Strip - The Palestinian militant group Hamas threatened today to target Israelis abroad after blaming Israel for the killing of a Hamas official in Syria.
Major 6.4-Magnitude Quake Shakes Manila (AP) AP - An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.4 shook Manila on Friday night, swaying high rises, knocking out power over a wide area and sending frightened residents into the streets. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
EBay Earns Boost Tech Stocks; Dow Slips  NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. technology stocks rose on  Thursday as a strong quarterly earnings report from eBay Inc.,  the world's largest online market place, helped lift the Nasdaq  and Standard   Poor's 500 indexes.
PalmSource to Extend Leadership in Phone Software With Acquisition &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; SUNNYVALE, Calif., Dec. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- PalmSource, Inc. (NASDAQ:PSRC), provider of Palm OS(R), a leading operating system powering next generation mobile devices and smartphones today announced 
Chelsea, Villa Draw 0-0 in Premiership; Arsenal Wins (Update1) Chelsea drew 0-0 with Aston Villa in English soccer #39;s Premiership, failing to win for the first time this season. Arsenal kept its 100 percent record with a 3-0 defeat of Fulham to open a two-point lead atop the standings.
Howard plans regional spy school Australian leader John Howard has put national security back onto the election agenda by announcing plans for a regional spy school.
Palm extends Wi-Fi range The PalmOne Wi-Fi SD card has finally arrived, but only for users with the most up to date models. The card is only compatible with two top of the range handsets, the Zire 72 and Tungsten T3. 
Haiti flood death toll nears 700, likely to rise In Gonaives, Haiti, story headlined  quot;Haiti flood death toll nears 700, likely to rise quot; please read in first paragraph ... could rise above 660 ... instead of ... could rise about 660. By Joseph Guyler Delva.
Mate grates Earnhardt LOUDON, N.H. -- Well before the green flag dropped on yesterday's Sylvania 300, signaling the start of the Chase for the Nextel Cup, Dale Earnhardt Jr. expressed concern about how the other 33 drivers would race the top 10 in contention for the title.
At Least 3 Killed in Car Bombing Near Baghdad A car bomb exploded today west of Baghdad, killing at least one U.S. soldier and two Iraqi policemen and wounding 60 people, Iraqi and coalition officials said.
Yahoo's legal battle over Nazi items continues PARIS - Yahoo Inc. may after all find itself having to answer to the French courts for its failure to block French users' access to information about the sale of Nazi memorabilia on its U.S. Web sites.
NVIDIA Announces GeForce 6 GPU with TurboCache Technology December 15, 2004 - NVIDIA today announced the newest GPU in its GeForce 6 series of graphics processors, the NVIDIA GeForce 6200 GPU with TurboCache technology.
Oil prices up on Yukos woes NEW YORK -- Oil prices broke above \$46 yesterday after Russian oil giant Yukos said it would cut some oil shipments to China, the first toll on exports from the company's financial turmoil.
Barnstable has its way once more Barnstable had the upperhand once again. The Red Raiders are one win away from defending their MIAA Division 1 state volleyball championship after blanking Chelmsford, 3-0, in the semifinals last night in Mansfield. It was the second time this fall Chelmsford had been frustrated by the powerful Barnstable lineup.
Global Markets: Ivan Blows Oil Higher (Reuters) Reuters - Hurricane Ivan blew oil prices back\above  #36;44 a barrel on Tuesday, fueling fears of disruption to\supplies and giving European investors an excuse to take\profits from stock markets at 10-week highs.
Shark That Killed Australian Teen Hunted (AP) AP - Authorities said Friday they would kill the shark that tore apart a young surfer near a popular south Australian beach as his friends reportedly tried to save him by beating the animal with oars.
Upgrades, staffing costs squeeze British IT budgets A U.K. survey finds little money left over for new investment, and that Linux is not leaving its mark on the desktop.
U.S. Military Deaths in Iraq Pass 1,000 BAGHDAD, Iraq - U.S. warplanes hammered suspected militant strongholds in Fallujah on Wednesday after a suicide bombing there and a series of attacks in Baghdad pushed the number of U.S...
Going to the Moon, Sponsored by M #38;M's Marketing is a big part of the private space race - and, its boosters say, an essential one.
Business as usual for NZ - Howard tells Clark Prime Minister Helen Clark has congratulated Australian Prime Minister John Howard on his fourth straight election victory, and in the process has drawn some not-so-subtle parallels with her own prospects heading into next year #39;s election.
'Frog's glue' could mend knees A sticky substance from the skin of frogs could be used to repair human knee joints, scientists believe.
Malaysia, Singapore Work to Repair Ties Malaysia and Singapore on Monday made significant progress in repairing four decades of soured relations, agreeing to hold top-level talks on a range of disputes including 
NASA Engineers Free Robonaut with Wheels, Leg (SPACE.com) SPACE.com - Not content to simply stand in one place, NASA's mechanical astronaut has found not one, but two new bodies that will allow it nbsp;to move across land and space.
HP to sell version of Apple's iPod (SiliconValley.com) SiliconValley.com - Hewlett-Packard on Friday unveiled its own version of Apple's iPod music player, part of its alliance with Apple Computer as well as HP's own foray into consumer electronics.
Novell Vice Chairman Chris Stone leaves company After helping Novell Inc. reinvigorate itself last year through the endorsement of Linux and the acquisition of vendor SUSE Linux AG, Vice Chairman Chris Stone has left the company.
Halliburton May Separate KBR Unit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Halliburton Co. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=HAL.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;HAL.N&lt;/A&gt;, beset by  controversy over its work in Iraq, plans to shed its KBR  engineering and construction unit if the oilfield services  company's share performance does not match its peers, it said  on Thursday.
Microsoft Takes Lead in Software For Handhelds (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Microsoft Corp. is no longer an also-ran in the market for handheld-computer software. For the past three months, gadgets running the software giant's Windows Mobile operating system outsold Palm handhelds, finally overtaking a rival that first popularized the electronic datebook organizers in the mid-1990s.
Martial law cools China #39;s ethnic violence Martial law remained in place Wednesday in the villages in central China #39;s Henan province where ethnic violence killed at least seven people last week.
Will Packers Help Kerry For President? FORT WORTH, Texas -- If history and supersititons are replayed, John Kerry can thank the Green Bay Packers. During the past 17 presidential elections, the outcome of the most recent Washington Redskins home 
RealNetworks Goes After iPod With Price War RealNetworks Goes After iPod With Price War\\RealNetworks on Tuesday halved the prices for downloaded songs to \$0.49  to win customers away from Apple Computer's iPod craze. RealNetworks has recently launched its "Harmony" technology which makes its song downloads compatible with Apple's iPod technology. Apple currently has a firm grasp ...
Groups Brace for Social Security Changes (AP) AP - Officials representing business groups, financial service companies, banks and insurance firms are gearing up for a legislative fight over Social Security, telling White House officials Thursday they are solidly behind President Bush's desire to remake the retirement system next year.
Orton Engineers Purdue Victory Over Illinois The Illinois rushing offense and the Purdue passing offense dueled in the Big Ten opener for both schools on Saturday at Memorial Stadium in Champaign.
Bernie #39;s back in court Bernie Ecclestone will return to court on Monday for the start of the High Court case involving Formula One Holdings (FOH) and Speed Investments.
Athletics: Clumsy US relay teams hand foes gold ATHENS No one had run faster than the US 100-meter sprinters - at least without a baton. But put the stick in an unpracticed American #39;s hand on the track in these Olympics, and it transforms talent into tumult.
Concern grows over ailing Arafat Medics, aides and family rush to the West Bank as fears grow for Yasser Arafat's health.
Sony sets price, date for PSP Sony upped the ante Wednesday in the looming handheld gaming war, giving its PlayStation Portable device a price and on-sale date likely to inspire fierce competition with Nintendo #39;s DS.
INTERVIEW: Gwalia Has Been Approached By Gold Ops Buyers PERTH (Dow Jones)--Financially distressed Australian mining company Sons of Gwalia Ltd. (SGW.AU) said Monday that it has been approached by several parties interested in buying its gold business.
20,000 American Indians to March at National Museum Opening Across the Americas, Native Americans are preparing for Tuesday's opening powwow in Washington, D.C. #151;the largest such gathering in recent times.
Tokyo stocks end down 0.70 percent on uncertain economic outlook TOKYO : Japanese share prices closed 0.70 percent lower Monday amid uncertainty over the direction of global oil prices and after leading index figures suggested the domestic economy could be slowing, dealers said.
Judge Stops Partial-Birth Abortion Ban NEW YORK - In a highly anticipated ruling, a federal judge found the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act unconstitutional Thursday because it does not include a health exception.    U.S...
France investigates airport gaffe France launches an inquiry  into how airport police lost plastic explosives they hid in a passenger's luggage.
Web Gaming Changes Social Interactions Not so long ago, in a galaxy not so far away, Chip Collier was on a mission. "I really gotta stop bleeding and dying," the 24-year old said as he slouched in front of his computer in his ninth-floor Chicago apartment. "I'm really horrible about not paying attention to my battle fatigue."
US Jobless Claims Up, Consumption Flat (Reuters) Reuters - U.S. claims for jobless benefits\jumped last week, while consumer spending was unexpectedly flat\in August as shoppers closed their wallets after splashing out\the previous month, the government said on Thursday.
Pan-African Parliament Opens in South Africa Africa #39;s new representative body, the Pan-African Parliament, has opened its first session in its new home in South Africa. South African President Thabo Mbeki was joined by drummers and dancers to welcome 
Enter your e-mail: A few weeks ago I wrote in this very blog that HD for the masses was still some way away. Well, its taken another step closer: Sony has just announced a \$3700 HD Camcorder for consumers.
4 arrested by antiterrorist police in London LONDON - British police said on Saturday they had arrested four men under anti-terrorism legislation after a tip-off from a newspaper which said the suspects tried to buy explosives for a  quot;dirty bomb.
Slower Pub Sales Hit Whitbread Shares in Whitbread weakened 3 today after it said slower sales in its pub restaurants and upmarket hotels had offset rising demand for budget lodges.
Google to Help Microsoft Promote Windows The search engine's toolbar is included in new Windows XP Partner Pack.
'Excuse Me. May I Have Your Seat?' Thirty years ago, first-year graduate students boarded a crowded train and asked someone for a seat. What happens when you repeat the experiment?
Congress blocks Internet taxation legislation The bill to ban state and federal levies on all types of connections for three years now goes to Bush. By Mary Dalrymple. WASHINGTON -- Congress acted Friday to block state and local governments from taxing 
Kabul Museum's "Lost" Treasures: Photographs More than 22,000 antiquities survived 25 years of turmoil in Afghanistan in a secret vault. The discovery that they are safe and intact is a ray of hope in the quest to restore Afghanistan's rich cultural heritage. &lt;b&gt;Photo gallery.&lt;/b&gt;
Chechen warlord behind school hostage-taking, says FSB Chechnya #39;s notorious warlord ShamilBasayev is behind the school hostage-taking in southern Russia that has led to the deaths of over 100 people, Russia #39;s Federal Security Service (FSB) said.
Canon, Toshiba to Form Flat Panel Display Venture (Reuters) Reuters - Japanese technology companies Canon Inc.\and Toshiba Corp. said on Tuesday they would invest  #36;1.82\billion in a joint venture to manufacture advanced flat panel\displays.
Can Africa solve African problems? A look ahead at issues and events likely to make headlines in the coming year.
An Effort at a Union Comes Up a Loser at the Track A former exercise rider at Santa Anita stables in California had hoped to organize a strike by the stable hands just before the racing season resumed the morning after Christmas.
UPDATE 1-Goldman Sachs 4th-quarter profit up 23 pct Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS.N: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said fourth-quarter profit rose 23 percent as its fixed-income, currency and commodities business soared while 
Australian PM to Call Oct. 9 Election - Media (Reuters) Reuters - Conservative Australian Prime Minister\John Howard is about to call an Oct. 9 election to seek a\fourth consecutive term in office, local media said on Sunday.
More Blackburn Rovers Stories Mark Hughes has been warned that Blackburn are no longer the bottomless pit of cash that they were a decade ago - but the new Rovers manager will have some money to spend when the transfer window reopens in January.
A Giant collapse Crushing loss to LA in ninth inning dims playoff &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; Los Angeles - -- JT Snow never turned to see Steve Finley #39;s grand slam land softly in the right-field pavilion. He just lowered his head and jogged off the field.
Policeman 'saw fatal train crash' An off-duty policeman watched a train plough into a car on a level crossing  in Berkshire, killing six people.
USC turns halftime into a science Halftime lockerrooms are sacrosanct. Only the privileged few are allowed entry. Theyre like the situation room at the White House, only with tighter security.
Oil, Gas Prices Lift Amerada Hess Profit  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Amerada Hess Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=AHC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;AHC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday reported higher quarterly profit, spurred by record  oil and gas prices.
MPAA to Sue Movie File Swappers The Motion Picture Association of America will begin suing online file traders this month, pursuing a strategy similar to one employed by the recording industry during the past year.
Intel growth not up to expectations Santa Clara - Semiconductor giant Intel on Tuesday said its third-quarter profit jumped 15 percent from a year ago to \$1.9 billion (R12.
Olympian women escape the age barrier (AFP) AFP - The older the violin, the sweeter the music. And the Athens Olympics is proving the lyrics right as Martina Navratilova, Merlene Ottey and company are demonstrating the endurance of women with middle-aged ladies defying perceptions about age and competition in nearly every sport.
Lithuania Government Vies With Labor Party in Run-Off (Update1) Lithuania #39;s governing coalition may win enough parliamentary seats in today #39;s runoff election to stay in power after the Labor Party of Russian-born millionaire Viktor Uspaskich won a first round two weeks ago.
Kashmir is key to peace, says Pakistani PM NEW DELHI:  quot;Who could say some 20 years ago that the Berlin Wall would be a thing of the past, quot; Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had told his Pakistan counterpart Shaukat Aziz on his arrival on Tuesday.
Italy's Pennetta Wins Idea Prokom Open (AP) AP - Italy's Flavia Pennetta won the Idea Prokom Open for her first WTA Tour title, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 7-5, 3-6, 6-3 Saturday after French Open champion Anastasia Myskina withdrew before the semifinals because of a rib injury.
Vonage talks about 911 advancements Does Rhode Island have the answer to a major problem facing the Internet phone industry?
UPDATE 1-Albania double stuns European champions Greece Albania stunned Euro 2004 winners Greece with two goals in the first 10 minutes of their World Cup qualifier on Saturday and then hung on to win 2-1 and send their fans into a frenzy as they celebrated with fireworks.
Gay US bishop: I will not resign Gay bishop Gene Robinson has told the BBC he regrets the pain caused by his consecration but vows not to resign.
OPEC to U.S. - Use Emergency Oil Reserves (Reuters) Reuters - OPEC took the unprecedented step of\urging the United States to tap its emergency crude reserves to\bring down world oil prices.
Countrywide Results Spark Sector Selloff  NEW YORK (Reuters) - Countrywide Financial Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=CFC.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;CFC.N&lt;/A&gt; on  Wednesday posted a 47 percent drop in quarterly earnings and  cut its outlook as mortgage refinancings fell and interest  rates climbed, sparking a broad sell-off in mortgage-company  stocks.
Key hit sparks Mansfield win Defensive players dream of making game-breaking hits like the one Mansfield cornerback Brett McDermott delivered yesterday.
Passion sells 2.4m copies on DVD The Passion of the Christ sells 2.4 million copies on DVD in its first few hours on sale in the US.
Badgers win opener but may have lost Davis MADISON, Wis. -- John Stocco threw two touchdown passes and ran for another score in his first start for No. 21 Wisconsin, which routed Central Florida, 34-6, yesterday.
W.H.O. Panel Backs Gene Manipulation in Smallpox Virus A committee has recommended that scientists be allowed to manipulate a gene in the smallpox virus for the first time to speed up discovery of drugs effective against the virus.
EU vows to fight Aids epidemic The European Union says it will to redouble its efforts to avert an epidemic of HIV/Aids across Europe.
Some fans pledge to do Martha #39;s time Supporters at the Web site SaveMartha! (www.save martha.com) have pledged to serve Martha Stewart #39;s five-month prison sentence for her convictions on charges of obstruction of justice and lying to federal investigators.
AMD and VSNL to sell net communicator device in India Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) has teamed with Videsh Sanchar Nigam (VSNL), a leading Indian telecommunications and internet services company, to market its Personal Internet Communicator (PIC) to consumers in India.
Montreal Expos Will Not Move to Washington Major League Baseball #39;s plan to move the former Montreal Expos franchise to Washington DC appears to be falling apart. Washington Mayor Anthony Williams said Wednesday the deal was almost dead after the city 
Old Course humbled Graeme McDowell matched a course record with a 10-under-par 62 on the famed Old Course yesterday to take the first-round lead in the Dunhill Links Championship at St.
Iraq's Shadow Ruler When Ayatullah Sistani speaks, millions obey. Can the conscience of\the nation make it safe for democracy?
Titans defense keys win over Dolphins An approaching hurricane failed to faze the Tennessee Titans, and the Miami Dolphins #39; offense didn #39;t give them much trouble, either.
Chen Shui-bian #39;s call for talks discredited Taiwan leader Chen Shui-bian was accused Sunday of playing word games in his  quot;national day quot; speech. Mainland researchers described his call for cross-Straits peace talks as  quot;more symbolic than substantial.
Sri Lankan Tamil rebels to resume talks conditionally A senior leader of Sri Lanka #39;s rebel Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) said it is ready to resume peace talks with the government if its self-rule proposal gets a positive response, a local newspaper reported Sunday.
Cali Drug Kingpin Faces U.S. Court in Chains &lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Michael Christie&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; MIAMI (Reuters) - The most powerful drug lord everextradited by Colombia appeared before a U.S. judge on Monday,and his lawyer said he would fight U.S. charges that he ran hismultibillion-dollar business from a Colombian jail cell.&lt;/p&gt;
Shareholders Love a Little Hostility There's yet another hostile takeover in the tech sector's works.
Ballmer on security Microsoft has posted the full transcript of CEO Steve Ballmer #39;s appearance yesterday at the Gartner Symposium and ITxpo in Florida.
Ohio fires head coach Knorr after four seasons Ohio coach Brian Knorr was fired Thursday after leading the Bobcats to an 11-35 record in four seasons. Ohio had a 4-7 mark this season.
Madrid attack cost only \$14,000 THE al-Qaeda terror network spent less than \$US50,000 (\$71,000) on each of its main attacks except the September 11 suicide hijackings, a UN report says.
Virgin to offer space flights High-flying Brit entrepreneur Richard Branson today announced the imminent take-off of the  quot;VSS Virgin quot; - a scaled-up version of Burt Rutan #39;s SpacShipOne - which will offer well-to-do wannabe astronauts the chance of zero-grav flights for a mere 100,000 
Romanians hope for new era In BUCHAREST story please read in fifth paragraph ... Prime Minister Adrian Nastase ... instead of ... Prime Minister. By Mirela Roman and Radu Marinas.
Judge Strikes Down Pa. Anti-Pornography Law PHILADELPHIA -- A Pennsylvania law aimed at stopping Internet pornography is getting no love from the court system. A federal judge threw out the law, which would have required Internet service providers to block Web sites that contain child pornography.
Please, More Steam-Powered Games Perhaps just as good as the release of Half-Life 2 this week is the introduction of Steam, a service that lets gamers buy and download sophisticated PC games. It's the way game retailing ought to be. Commentary by Suneel Ratan.
Vioxx study's publication derailed by FDA queries Government questions about ''basic data integrity quot; derailed publication of a report raising safety concerns about arthritis drug Vioxx on the eve of a contentious congressional hearing, according to an e-mail exchange.
Medtronic Net Up on Higher ICD Sales (Reuters) Reuters - Medtronic Inc. (MDT.N) on Wednesday\said its quarterly earnings rose on surprisingly brisk demand\for devices that slow racing heartbeats, offsetting a\weaker-than-expected performance in some of its other\businesses.
Button in Silverstone plea Jenson Button believes the potential loss of the British Grand Prix would be  quot;devastating quot; for Formula One. The race is facing the axe in 2005 because the British Racing Drivers #39; Club has failed to meet the asking price for promotional rights.
Gough: Knox Is Key Livi Signing New Livingston manager Richard Gough insists he has already made his best-ever signing for the club by convincing former Rangers and Manchester United coach Archie Knox to be his number two at Almondvale.
Kenyan activist wins Nobel prize Kenya's Wangari Maathai wins this year Nobel Peace Prize, the first African woman to do so.
More cheer in retail ahead The holiday season may not reach 2003 levels but will be up, National Retail Federation says. By Joan Verdon. Hackensack, NJ - The holidays will be slightly less jolly for retailers this year, but they still 
Athens Olympics Draw Record TV Audiences (AP) AP - The Athens Olympics broke global TV viewing records, with nearly 4 billion people tuning in, IOC president Jacques Rogge said Tuesday.
Between fear and hope Howard or Latham? It depends on what kind of election it turns out to be, says Alistair Mant. John Howard will probably win an S-type election and Mark Latham an A-type election.
Malaysia's Anwar Loses Bid to Lift Political Ban  PUTRAJAYA, Malaysia (Reuters) - Malaysian dissident  politician Anwar Ibrahim failed on Wednesday in a final court  bid to erase his criminal record and free himself of a ban on  holding political office, but he vowed not to be silenced.
GM's U.S. Sales Surge  DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.investor.reuters.com/FullQuote.aspx?ticker=GM.N target=/stocks/quickinfo/fullquote"&gt;GM.N&lt;/A&gt; on Friday  said its U.S. sales soared a surprising 20.5 percent in  September, but the U.S. automaker also cut production and  raised incentives as it grapples with high inventories of  unsold vehicles.
Can the Hornets Conquer the West? (Reuters) Reuters - The New Orleans Hornets are\going to have their work cut out for them in the 2004-05\season. When the NBA approved its realignment plan, the Hornets\became the newest member of the Western Conference as the\expansion Charlotte Bobcats were placed in the East, giving\each conference 15 clubs comprised of three divisions of five\teams.
World Trade Center Insurance Payoff Increased by Jury A New York Jury ruled that the two planes that hit the World Trade Center on September 11, 2001 were two separate events instead of one which increased the insurers liability by at least \$140 million.
Prince Harry hit in face in scuffle with photograher Britain #39;s Prince Harry was hit in the face with a camera in a scuffle with photographers outside a London nightclub in the early hours of Thursday, royal officials said.
U.S. Sees No Immediate Push for Sanctions on Iran (Reuters) Reuters - The Bush administration does not\plan to seek immediate sanctions against Tehran even if it\succeeds in getting Iran's nuclear program referred to the U.N.\Security Council, U.S. officials said on Wednesday.
IPO Quiet Period Needs  #39;Good, Hard Look #39; -SEC Chief WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The rules on what executives may and may not say during the run-up to launching a company onto the public markets need a  quot;good, hard look, quot; the top US securities regulator said on Wednesday. 
Microsoft #39;s procurement deals arouse concern While the US software giant Microsoft has achieved almost sweeping victories in government procurement projects in several Chinese provinces and municipalities, the process 
PlanetOut Soars in Public Trading Debut PlanetOut Inc. showed a small gain in morning activity before shooting up more than 15 percent in recent trading, marking a successful initial public offering for the Web site operator while Thursday #39;s second deal fell flat in its debut.
EU sanctions request on US exports The European Union and seven other countries #39; sanctions request on United States exports have been postponed to be considered by the World Trade Organization at a meeting.
Huey Exits Early Treat Huey, the two-time All-Met Player of the year, suffered a 6-2, 6-0 loss to 29-year-old journeyman Mashiska Washington, the younger brother of former pro and 1996 Wimbledon finalist Malivai.
Palestinian Girl Killed in Gaza Strip, Medics Say (Reuters) Reuters - Israeli troops shot dead a 7-year-old\Palestinian girl in a Gaza refugee camp on Friday, medics said,\after militants wounded four Israelis in a mortar attack on a\nearby Jewish settlement.
Many Muslims Killed in Chinese Ethnic Clashes ZHENGZHOU, China, November 1 (IslamOnline.net  amp; News Agencies) - Ethnic clashes between the Muslim Hui minority and the Han majority in central China #39;s Henan province left several Muslims killed and many others wounded, prompting local authorities to 
Nextel Merger Puts It at Crossroads Daniel F. Akerson says the decisions he made as chief executive of Nextel Communications Inc. were all about survival.
Mayor, Council Prepare For Stadium Vote WASHINGTON -- The delayed decision on a planned \$440 million baseball stadium to house the Washington Nationals appeared close to the necessary seven votes Monday, with District of Columbia Council Chair Linda W. Cropp pledging not to stand in the way.
Iran Seen Using EU to Buy Time to Get Atomic Bomb  VIENNA (Reuters) - Iran is using negotiations with the  European Union's "big three" on suspending sensitive nuclear  activities to buy the time it needs to get ready to make atomic  weapons, an Iranian exile and intelligence officials said.
Pancreas stem cells for diabetes A stem cell cure for diabetes is a step closer, Canadian researchers are predicting.
Martha Stewart to serve time in West Virginia Martha Stewart is heading for  quot;Camp Cupcake. quot; She will serve her five-month prison term at a West Virginia facility, not one in Connecticut or Florida, as she had hoped.
In support of free speech  quot;I don #39;t think we ought to have 527s, quot; President Bush said the other day, referring to the political fund-raising and advocacy organizations that have sprouted in the wake of his signing the anti-free speech McCain-Feingold campaign-finance  quot;reform quot; law 
Campaign Ads Stay Off-Line, on Air With the presidential election just a few weeks away, pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the Internet to help woo voters -- but the ad money isn't flowing online. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Palmer hobbling FOXBORO, Mass. Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer was on crutches after Sunday #39;s 35-to-28 loss to the New England Patriots.
Consumer Price Index up 0.6 in Oct. (Washington-AP) Nov. 17, 2004 - The Labor Department #39;s Consumer Price Index shows a larger-than-expected gain, but combined with Thursday #39;s reading on wholesale inflation, analysts say the picture is one where 
First sign of malicious code exploiting Windows Jpeg security flaw The first malicious codes to exploit security flaws in Microsoft Windows #39; handling of jpeg image files has appeared on internet newsgroups.
Police Arrest 28 in Online ID Theft Scams (washingtonpost.com) washingtonpost.com - Law enforcement authorities have arrested 28 individuals accused of operating public Web sites designed to help people steal, sell and forge credit cards and identification documents.
Microsoft: Windows XP SP2 downloads  #39;on target #39; Microsoft is still confident of hitting its target of 100 million Windows XP Service Pack 2 (SP2) downloads by the end of next month.
Nearly 200 miners trapped in coalmine gas explosion in north China (AFP) AFP - A gas explosion ripped through a coal mine in north China's Shaanxi province, trapping 170 miners in what threatens to be the worst disaster to hit the world's biggest coal producer in recent years.
The Iranian-European nuclear accord is good news on several fronts The announcement Monday that a preliminary agreement reached between Iran and the European Union #39;s three big powers may be finalized soon is good news on several fronts.
Brit GP on  #39;05 calendar - reports The track-owning BRDC ultimately gambled on making a loss next year by succumbing to Ecclestone #39;s proposed race fee. The only sticking point now is the duration of a new contract -- Bernie wants to renegotiate 
Stephen Dunn/Getty Images or, more accurately, the starter -- the Dodgers were in deep trouble in this one. Manager Jim Tracy made an early move to get his starting pitcher, Odalis Perez, out 
Cigarette Maker Agrees To Limit Hip-Hop Marketing Theme ALBANY, NY -- The makers of Kool cigarettes have settled lawsuits claiming it was targeting black youths. RJ Reynolds Tobacco Company agreed to limit a hip-hop marketing campaign following lawsuits by attorneys 
Loudoun Schools Gird For Growth Superintendent cites parental pressure to compete with Fairfax in proposed 17 percent budget increase.
Google #39;s Real Rivals: Yahoo, MSN, And Amazon A customer-satisfaction study of E-business Web sites says Google has a huge lead among search-engine sites but will face still challenges from portals.
Serb Boycott Confirms Kosovo Still Divided (AP) AP - A Serb boycott of Kosovo's second general election confirmed lingering divisions in the U.N.-run province, and partial results from a monitoring group indicated that the political landscape will likely remain unchanged.
Nobel to first African woman WHEN Wangari Maathai got word she had won the Nobel Peace Prize, she was busy with the work that earned her the prestigious award - campaigning to protect Kenya #39;s forests and distributing food to hungry constituents suffering from drought.
Microsoft Profit, Revenue Rise Microsoft Corp. (MSFT.O: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said its quarterly profit climbed as revenue rose 12 percent, but its shares fell as investors failed to account for the effect 
Intel plans faster bus for Pentium 4 Extreme Edition Increasing front-side bus speed from 800 to 1,066 MHz addresses crucial bottleneck in system performance.
Event of the Day -- Men #39;s and women #39;s shot put Why you should watch: Given the longstanding American hegemony in the shot put, it #39;s plausible that the three-man US delegation could sweep the competition. But the most compelling reason to watch is the unparalleled setting. 
Nuclear program suspension temporary, says Iran Iranian officials say a suspension of the country #39;s uranium enrichment program will be short and temporary. The comments were made as the United Nations nuclear watchdog prepares to meet in Vienna.
Search Is on for World's Biggest Freshwater Fish In a global conservation study, scientists are hunting for the world's largest freshwater fish. The current record holder? A 660-pound (300-kilogram) catfish.
Murkowski Braces for Alaska Sen. Primary (AP) AP - Sen. Lisa Murkowski says she has not asked Alaskans to like the way she got her job  #151; she was appointed by her father, Gov. Frank Murkowski.
Arise Sir Mark  mum pays FORMER prime minister and doting mother Margaret Thatcher yesterday agreed to bail her son, Sir Mark Thatcher, out of house arrest in Cape Town.
Apple breaks the Harmony Earlier this year RealNetworks came up with a workaround allowing music downloaded from its store to work on iPods. This was achieved by reverse-engineering Apple #39;s FairPlay technology, and Real named it Harmony (see our previous coverage).
Ukraine Unrest Worries Barcelona Soccer (AP) AP - FC Barcelona asked the European soccer body, UEFA, whether it will be safe for the team to play in a Champions League game in Ukraine next week.
Fujitsu joining Cisco Systems this time. Fujitsu and Cisco Systems, both high end hardware manufacturers are joining forces. Earlier, Fujitsu bundled their strengths with popular phone company Siemens.
Blair may have considered quitting says ally Prime Minister Tony Blair may have considered quitting for family reasons earlier this year at one of the lowest points of his premiership, a close ally has said.
The Aftermath Of Charley: The Most Expensive States To Insure Your &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; There are always trade-offs to every place people choose to live. If you live in New York, it #39;s too expensive. If you live in Montana, it #39;s too remote.
SonicWall to bolster next OS with antivirus scanning Company says having the operating system screen for viruses at the gateway is more thorough and more efficient.\
Silvertips edge Brandon, 2-1 BRANDON, Manitoba - Torrie Wheat scored twice as the Everett Silvertips beat the Brandon Wheat Kings 2-1 yesterday in Western Hockey League action before 4,046 fans at the Keystone Centre.
Iraqi insurgents continue Iraqi firemen walk in front of heavy black smoke billowing from a sabotaged key pipeline pumping oil exports from northern Iraq to Turkey and a local supply line west of the main northern oil capital of Kirkuk.
 #39;); //-- gt; Eye On Stocks Flextronics International (nasdaq: FLEX - news - people ) announced fiscal second-quarter earnings in-line with Wall Street estimates.
Mozilla Foundation Ships Firefox 1.0 Preview Release, Thunderbird &lt;b&gt;...&lt;/b&gt; On Tuesday, the Mozilla Foundation released its first preview release of Firefox 1.0, the organization #39;s standalone Web browser based on the Mozilla source code.
Hearts in the right place for Robertson JOHN ROBERTSON used to offer a nice line in self-deprecation when he played for Heart of Midlothian. It aint over until the fat striker scores, was the way that the Edinburgh clubs 
Dear Internet Explorer: I #39;m leaving It #39;s over. Our relationship just hasn #39;t been working for a while, and now, this is it. I #39;m leaving you for another browser.
Germany  #39;thwarts attack on Iraqi premier #39; BERLIN: German authorities arrested three Iraqis yesterday on suspicion that they planned an attack on Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was visiting Germany, the country #39;s chief prosecutor said.
U.S. Women Defeat Iceland 3-0 (AP) AP - Abby Wambach had a goal and an assist as the U.S. women's national soccer team beat Iceland 3-0 Wednesday night in the second game of its 10-game Olympic gold medal victory tour.
